
Amanda Oliverio: Hello! 
Ashlee Horn: Hello! Good morning, everybody! 
Amanda Oliverio: Alrighty. 
Nick Woulfe: learning. 
Ashlee Horn: It's morning for everybody, right? Yeah, it's still morning? Yeah, I think so. I think we're directional on the morning. Y'all, I used… Claudia and I used up all our tokens before 7.30 a.m. Eastern time, so my day is already… feels like it's afternoon here. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I'm like, unless we have a British Columbia colleague, not British Columbia, Nova Scotia, I think we're all still mourning. We're all good in the morning? Jay Thompson (He, Him): By the way, man, Ashley, I'm sorry I missed your call. DaVonte had me on demos first thing this morning, so I couldn't answer you. Okay. As, as Matt told me in New Orleans. You don't get paid to talk to me, you get paid to talk to customers, so… Alright, let me make sure we are recording here. Triple check that we are recording. Yes, I see recording happening. If we get the slides to show… I did remember putting in a Zoom invite, y'all, that was a big deal. Cause I am… That is an easy one for me to forget. Let me get our slides up and going… And we will kick off. what I hope… Is one of the best weeks of the year. All right, are my slides being shared? 
Amanda Oliverio: Yep. 
Ashlee Horn: Yay! Batting a thousand this Monday morning. Okay, I think we are at quorum. Let's see how many folks we have. pretty close, and I know… I know it's a significant amount of time we've asked you all to block off, so if you're hopping in and out, understood. Obviously, a big investment of time for your skills. I can't think of anything more important than your own development and helping you all be successful, so it's a great use of time, but I know things also come up, so if you have to step away, no problem. We are recording every session. I hope that you will rewatch segments of it and portions of it, and I absolutely encourage your participation. this is a teach week, right? This is… there's a lot of different kinds of trainings that, that you'll do and be a part of. Some are… heavy, interactive, some are more workshop-y. This is presentation of new information. That said, it is no fun when I talk for 90 minutes, so please come off mute, ask questions, pop in, share ideas. We can make this a collaborative session. The point is for you to walk away with A little bit more information on what you walked into the today's session with, and a lot more confidence on how you can execute in the skills and areas that we've highlighted here that ultimately lead to you being successful. So, I think we're at quorum, we may have a few others pop in and out, but if we are all set to go, because we have a pretty dense agenda, I'm gonna go ahead and get started. Housekeeping things as it relates to Elevate Week. It's more fun when you participate. I am not actively looking at the chat, because I am actively looking at the slides and all of you, so, Jay, Amanda, Nate, if you'll help me monitor the chat, interrupt me, or you all can interrupt me, but, Don't let your question go unanswered, don't let me get too far down the path. And, and please weigh in. Experience, stories, hey, I've had this happen, what would we do here? All of that really helps us bring this to life, and if you have the question, I'm sure one of the 24 other people in this room have that same question, so… With that said, any questions, comments? Concerns, issues before we dive into this concept? Yeah, great. All right, well, day one of our Elevate series is Discovery. You all know by now, hopefully, that I am incredibly passionate about discovery. If not, I am incredibly passionate about discovery. All sales cycles die in discovery. You get to the end of a sales cycle, you've been working for 4 or 5 months, and you didn't realize that budget is owned by someone else. Discovery mess. You get to the end of the sales cycle and you don't have the negotiation power you thought you needed to make the deal happen? Discovery miss. You get to the end of a sales cycle and you didn't realize that the mutual action plan needed to happen? Discovery mess. So, discovery is a word that's used, really thought of as a phase at the beginning of the sales cycle, but it can happen all the time. So what we're going to walk through is really focused on having high-quality as I call them, first sales call conversations, just that first… hey, I'm exploring new opportunity, I see a new opportunity. For you to grow an account, or bring on a new prospect. But the concept of discovery applies throughout your sales process. You're about to join a call with Jay, and you realize you forgot to ask some questions. Don't let Jay start talking before you get in and ask those questions, right? You want to continuously be filling that in. So, we're gonna talk a lot about having that first conversation, but these principles apply throughout. And if you don't get it all in the first conversation, because you won't, there's more good questions than there is time to ask questions in a 30-minute, 45-minute call. You can keep that going, and keep that list going, so that when… by the time you get to the end, you have everything you need. And yes, that's a good point, Jay. We are always trying to minimize your talk time. I just started… y'all have… I have the power to just… I just mute them sometimes. That's enough, Jay. Moving on. Alright, so with that said, discovery. If you… We're, what we're gonna cover today, why discovery matters, we're going to review the anatomy of a great discovery call, and then we'll use discovery, we'll see it in action. One of the things that we're going to talk about is utilizing a deck in your discovery. There's a lot of reasons to. There's a few reasons not to. For all of you, as we're building a muscle, as we're getting better and better at having more structured conversations, my recommendation would be to Do it? Use parts of it. It works. As you get more comfortable and you feel like it's second nature, we can talk about what you want to use from it, what you don't want to use from it. My ask is that you give it a try. Just try utilizing the new deck. See how it works. I find that we all do better with an outline, just keeping us on pace, and making sure that we're ticking all the boxes. The worst thing that can happen is you get off of what felt like a great call. Great hike… quantity of information, right? You talked a lot to the prospect or the buyer, and you're debriefing the call with your leader, and you realize you didn't ask that high-quality information, the SP, the I, you're missing key concepts of a deal. structure a deck helps you keep that flow, ensures that you kind of stay through that mental checkbox, and it helps orient the customer. Gracel is… I was gonna say easy to us. It's easier for us, right? Gary Sell's still complicated. It's a lot that we do. We hear a lot of customers saying, oh, I didn't know, I didn't know. Helping them visualize it, giving them something to anchor on will, will make everyone, focus a bit easier, and they're able to actually listen to the questions you're asking and give you higher quality answers. So we're going to talk through a new discovery deck. It's a version 1, we're gonna iterate and make it better, but if we all get to a place where we're actually comfortable with it, your feedback will be welcome as we iterate on it. For those of you that were in Rockwall, Texas in February. You have seen this slide before, I'm giving you a quick refresher on why I'm so passionate about discovery. I relate discovery much to Being in a good doctor's experience, a good physical experience, physician experience. If you are not in Texas, I will tell you that my right ankle is primarily scar tissue and some metal screws because of 18 years of soccer. An experience that I think of when I think of discovery was having to go through this process of finding answers on that diagnosis, trying to understand what was going on with this aggravating pain. I experienced two very different, experiences for… in this case, I was the customer when I went to the physician. One doctor. was, like, ready at the door with his scalpel. We spent 30 seconds together, and he was like, it looks like it's gonna be surgical, we're not gonna be able to repair it. And… that was it. That was it. My sprained ankle was… Quickly, surgical, hopped right in. He, very fast, was… is very quick to diagnose, and then prescribe. The next doctor I spent time with, Dr. Rojas, much better experience, much better physician. Walked me through a series of questions. What have you tried? What makes it better? What makes it worse? Why are you coming to me now? What happened? Anything aggravated? How long has this been going on? Right? So, without knowing it, I'm sure she wasn't going through the checklist, she was literally walking me through, what's the situation, what's the pain, what's the impact of this injury on your daily life? And then recommended that I try a few things before surgery. And even when we got to eventual surgery, I did eventually have surgery. I was much more confident that we had tried everything, and her approach was the right one, because she had taken the time to ask questions. So, I'm revisiting that story again, because that experience is the same that you're gonna hear from your, your customers. If you're just telling them what they need to do without really understanding their business and paying challenges. They may… they come in and they think they have an idea of what we do and how we can help them, but it's our job to really uncover what's really valuable to their business, and then align our best solution, which is usually, one, broader than they thought, and two, potentially even a better fit and could add more value. So again, as you think about discovery, prescription before diagnosis classifies as malpractice. Impactful discovery is customer-centric, and the difference between being pitchy and that feeling Of, being pitch-locked. And… Being a trusted advisor, someone who the customer wants to work with. When we think about a discovery call, this is a… it's a dense graphic, so go on the journey with me. This is a visualization of the flow of a discovery call using Spiced. We're gonna walk through this in depth. Again, this is a good thing to reference. If you still have a printer, print it out, put it on your backdrop somewhere, put it on your desk somewhere. It's a visualization. As you think about the journey that we take a customer on in our discovery call, we start in what's on this slide, the lower left corner. We set up the agenda. We're trying to establish the situation. We're working through what then is the pain. We get to summarizing what their situation and pain is, ensuring that we hear it. We're empathizing with You know, I hear that a lot. It is such a problem in our industry. And then we start to uncover the impact. How that impacts their business, that's where we're going to uncover what they see as a solution, and then we'll get into that critical event and decision criteria, right? That's where we get into Once we have understanding, we can get into how they're viewing that… of the problem, how they're viewing that solution. So, I'm putting this in here. Again, we talked about this in RKO, but I think it's a… Once you get oriented to it, a pretty simple visualization of, you think about a highly quality discovery call, how it should flow. Pausing for questions. 
Megan Fehling: Are you gonna send this back out to us after this? 
Ashlee Horn: Yes, you all will have all of this, yep. It's in the, 
Megan Fehling: We want to put this as our background. 
Ashlee Horn: Yes, I would 10 out of 10 encourage it. 
Megan Fehling: Okay, thank you. 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah, you know what Collins looks like, you don't need her as your background. Put up your spice. Discovery call, blah. Alright, so… 
Megan Fehling: And I don't know if anybody else runs into this, but I put this into practice on a few of my calls. And… I have… I feel like when I go through the discovery process, sometimes they get, like, I'm asking questions, they get a little frustrated, like, I've already said that. Or, like, we just need to, like, cut to the chase, like, I just need pricing. So, how would you handle That conversation of, like, getting it back into… the path of, like, of this. 
Ashlee Horn: That's an excellent question. I'm gonna put a pin in it until we get, like, two slides up, but we're gonna come back to it. Remind me if I don't get there. Any other questions, thoughts, concerns? That's a great one, Megan. 
Megan Walton: I kind of have a question to piggyback. 
Ashlee Horn: Great. 
Megan Walton: Megan. And if this is not appropriate, just let me know. But on that. 
Ashlee Horn: I absolutely. 
Megan Walton: topic, so when a lead comes in, and we're reading through, and I'm still trying to memorize all the programs we use. it reads as if the customer that booked online is wanting to show up for a demo, but we're actually prepared to show up for a discovery. So, kind of like what Megan was saying, when we show up to that call. I think it'd be interesting to hear how we're managing expectations versus they're prepared for a demo, and we're really just doing a discovery, and then how we transition past that. 
Ashlee Horn: Two excellent points. Yes, we will address that one as well. 
Megan Walton: Okay, cool. Thank you. 
Ashlee Horn: And part of that is, just the broader nuance of this. Part of this is also understanding, and I'm going to get to that here in a second, but part of that is also understanding, like, who you're on the phone with. Right? And that's where the discovery call may not always be your first conversation, but as you think about selling. you have to get to the root of these things if we're going to be positioning, especially as we get to positioning multi-product, bundled solutions that are a bit larger. If someone is, like, coming in for a $2,000 Pathways deal. Do you need to run them through a 7-step sales cycle? For the love of all things, please don't. Like, you know, understand who you're talking to as well. Like, if we're talking to a regional manager about RealLink, one property deal. like, be… Be mindful, like, you… you want to get an understanding of the process, and what they need to see, but you also don't want to spend a ton of time on those smaller opportunities. Yes? Okay. So, a little bit of discretion. So, in a way more simplified version, because my brain thinks way more simplified. The anatomy of an elite discovery call has the following six points. It has an introduction, it has a point of view. Introduction being, this is what I do, this is what you do, purpose statement. There's a point of view, it has questions to uncover, situation pain and impact, and then also. critical event and decision. Realistically, especially when you're selling deals that are, 5 figures and larger, you're not gonna have just one call and get every single letter of spiced. That'd be a pretty lengthy call. Most people are not willing to. You're gonna have to have a couple conversations, so we'll talk a little bit about that. And then, you have a confirmation of success criteria value. I should have underlined and bold this and put it larger across the whole screen. You have agreement to begin a sales cycle. If you have not had a conversation with your customer about them actually making an, like, hey, you're evaluating Grace Hill, right? You're evaluating a new training vendor. That means at some point, there will be a decision, right? We're entering into this agreement. If you never actually get that conversation, have that conversation, and you're operating under the assumption that because they filled out the form on our website, they want to buy stuff. You are in a sales cycle with yourself. Right? That is… I use the dating analogy a lot. That is a lot like… Jumping into a first date and going, wow, that was good. I'm feeling a proposal, like, here soon. I'm gonna say 90 days, and I'm gonna put that in Salesforce. I'm feeling like this is closing, 90 days, I'm gonna get this deal done. Because I am charming. And you all are charming, and you're lovely, and people have their own timelines, right? Just because they inquire doesn't mean they're ready to buy. It doesn't mean you don't want to talk to them, because they haven't distinctly carved out, here's my pile of money just allocated for Grace Hill. That's… But use some, Use your transparency, your authenticity, to have a direct conversation and say, where does this fall in my prioritization? Right? That's where we'll talk about utilizing the plan, and then we've got a whole separate day on mutual action planning, because it is my very favorite topic, which goes to timeline of a decision process. And a decision, right? A decision is huge. We talk about call purpose. I am passionate about, purpose statements. You can, blame my first sales manager, a guy named Kyle Sauterman, who made me sit in a conference room for our first con- six consecutive one-on-ones every single week, and wordsmith a purpose statement. I was like. I'm ready to go, take the training wheels off, let me on the phones. He's like, not till you get your purpose statement down. Six weeks, not an exaggeration. And at the time, I thought it was ridiculous, but now I truly understand the value of it, because purpose statements allow… to answer your question, Megan, allow us to be really clear about what we're accomplishing today and what we're not. When we are really clear about what we're accomplishing, it's terrifying. Because if I say, I'm here to sell you something, that means they could tell me that they don't want to buy anything, and that's also terrifying. If we don't do that, we're gonna be chasing ghosts. For 6 months. that's how we end up with a lot of zombie pipeline, where they came to one call, we can't get them to the second call. Or maybe they're really polite, and they come to the second call, but we can't ever talk to them again, right? So, I… I know that is a horrifying experience to say, I'm here to do this, but, if you… Say it. Professionally, and articulate that honestly, you will find yourself spending more time on the right opportunities. They want to know why you're spending time with you, right? So, what am I doing here? I just downloaded Which, guys, we're getting away from this. I already… I told you all last week, we're changing lead scoring, but I just downloaded this… this, thing, or I just attended this webinar. How'd I end up talking to you, Gina? Let's be clear about why we're talking, what we're trying to accomplish, and then setting purpose statement, explaining your role to drive the conversation. So when you think of a discovery call. I have… no prizes today, but I do have… Kudos, and snaps, if you're a Legally Blonde fan. What is the purpose of a discovery call? What's your internal objective? Or merely, we could broaden it. A sales cycle. What is your purpose? 
DaVonte Scafe: I would say to see if it's a mutual fit, right? To see if there's anything we can do to help them out, and… To see if it even makes sense to continue the dialogue. 
Ashlee Horn: Okay, good, like that. 
Carla Samford: Well, it's also… for me, it's to understand their hot buttons. What's driving… what's driving this phone call? What's… Something professionally, career, property management, something is driving this, this need, and to really get to the root of what that need is. So then, if we have a solution, and we usually do. that's gonna meet those needs, how can I pluck things from that discovery that I can… Conversation later. 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah. 
Jake Bulkowski: Is this, like, purpose for the first call? Just make sure I'm understanding before I jump over. 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah, purpose for the first call, for the… and then, I mean, broader for the sales cycle. 
Jake Bulkowski: Well, first or the first call, I'll take that one first. Really depends on who I'm talking to. I think if somebody sets up a demo and they are a regional. or community manager, even. Rare, but maybe it's regional. My goal is to really get them, or someone who I just don't think's the decision maker, who's gonna make this enterprise deal happen. My goal is to get them as excited as possible. And to try to get an intro. Like, build rapport. I mean, I'm definitely doing discovery along the way, but, trying to get that intro, get the second meeting with more people on their team to start expanding you know, I want to get acquisitions involved, asset management, I'm not overwhelming them with this information, but my goal is to, like, plant the seed to really kind of start growing from there. 
Megan Fehling: I was just about to say, I think that the first call is planting the seed. And ultimately closing the deal. I think if you get enough information and plant that seed and bring about more… Awareness that they actually do need our product. and you find those pain points, then I think once that's done, it's a… I think it's… you're only going up from there. 
Ashlee Horn: No. All right, all good answers, all good answers. And I think there is always nuance in this, right? So there's an element of… A first call with a high-level decision maker versus somebody who we deem as not a buyer, but a potential influencer is going to be slightly nuanced. As we think about the purpose of broader, that second half of the question, of, like, what's the purpose of this sales cycle? It's… Bit simpler. a decision. We have $1.8 million in pipeline with a close date in the next 60 days that we are sitting in limbo. That's all… that's Mucho de Nero. We are sitting in limbo, and it's driving you all bonkers, I know, because it's stressful, and you're like, is it a deal? We're gonna get into forecasting, and forecast, Spoiler alert, forecasting is going to become a lot more prominent and a bigger part of what we do every single week, and day, and month. Do I forecast that deal? How much time? Am I being annoying? Should I keep chasing them? we have to get a decision. Mbes are gonna drive us all bonkers, and ultimately, we have to get… and that's okay if they tell us no. That decision is beneficial. Now, we can talk about what we do when we get a decision that we don't like, right? Like, how do we work through that? And that's a different conversation, different training, but A big part of us being able to set… to get to a decision is setting those expectations from the get-go that, hey, my role at this company is to work with prospective customers to evaluate if Grace Hill is a fit. to evaluate how Grace Hill… I always like to assume that we can fit to your point, Carla, we usually can. How Grace Hill can better to help you achieve your goals. And 9 times out of 10, in our world, they came to us, so they have some interest or need. And in order to do that. I… for this conversation, I'd like to ask you a few questions. And better understand where you are in the business, what's going on, and why Grace Hill now? That's a purpose statement. Now, did I say anything to the effect of, synergy. I don't know if I'm, like, a partner or not a partner, there's a lot… we use a lot of weird words to dance around the fact that, like, hey, it's my job to sell you stuff, it's your job to buy stuff, is this gonna work? they may say, oh, I'm just, honestly, like, I was just clicking around on your website, like, I wanted to just get that piece, web form, like, I have no interest in buying, I don't even own a budget, and that's okay. I would rather know that now, and minute… 3, then in minute 33, and now I've got… wasted a ton of pipeline. You all are incredibly effective at what you do. Gets you focused on the higher quality opportunities, the better off we're going to be. So, as we think about setting a purpose statement, and I think, Megan, I'm trying to bring myself full circle to your question, what happens when they come in and they say, hey, I want a demo? One, I will work with marketing on some of that language, because I do think there's a… we need to think… be mindful of, like, demo request, and then they want to… they request a demo, and we're like, it's not yet, you don't get that yet. I'm working on that. I think that is even more important to say, hey, I could demo the product for you today, and I would love to schedule a demo. I have found, time and time again. that, our demos are most valuable once we've had an opportunity to understand what you're looking to accomplish. I mean, we sell 9 products. So… I want to make that custom for you, and otherwise, I could just send you, you know, something generic, but that's not really going to answer your questions. So, it doesn't have to be 30 minutes, but if we can spend the next 10-15 minutes understanding what your interest is and what you're looking to see, why you're on the market. Again, they have a day job. They're taking time to come and find a vendor. They have questions, they're trying to do something. then I can be better served. Then you're… you'll be better served, it'll be a much better experience for you. Which we'll talk about later in the future, but I'm gonna be really, really enthusiastic about this. Demos don't sell. Right? We are not ShamWow. We're not like. wow, look at what we sell! Amazing! And people are like, yes, but I want to buy that. That is not our product. It's okay, that is not our product, but this, like, just know what we are, like… we have a platform, us and, like, literally everyone else, right? We have a dashboard, us and everyone else now with Claude. Like, that is not our value. That is not our product. I don't know, RealLink has some, like, that's so easy. Realink does have a little bit of this, like, sexy demo to it. Hello Data has a little bit of the sexy demo to it, but still, you're not only gonna sell on a demo. Like, this is not… people don't make big, expensive buying decisions because of a demo. And again, big, expensive, like, tens of thousands of dollars, not $2,000. So, I think that is really important. For two reasons. One. Your next step doesn't always have to be a demo. In fact, it shouldn't be. It's not a next step. A demo is a tool, and Jay's gonna get on his soapbox about this in his session. A demo is a tool to answer questions, to uncover more additional questions, potential objections, and to show the how. Right? Like, we are… we have to understand what we're trying to accomplish, because the product is simply a vehicle for us to get… deliver value. Nobody's going into the budget meeting being like, I absolutely need Grace Hill again for 2027, and in fact, I want to double my spend, because my god, their widgets are freaking amazing. The user experience is, like. somebody call Apple. Like, it's not… it's not… and that's not even a reflection of our product. That's just not how people buy stuff. They buy stuff because it makes their better. Right? They buy stuff because it helps them make money. So, I say that, not everyone deserves a demo, not everyone's ready for a demo. Just because you had one 30-minute conversation, if you didn't get the information you need to feel like you know what the right solution is, or you know what is… like, how you would show a demo that answers their questions, don't book a demo. Book another discovery call. 2.0, discovery is not just one call. You can have five discovery calls. For the enterprise deals, for the folks who are selling big six-figure deals, We're averaging. Ms. Carla Samford and her biggest deals averages 12 calls per deal, which means she's not going one 30 minute, one demo, proposal. We have to have multiple conversations, so don't feel like you've got to rush to a demo, because it's not gonna… it's not gonna win you the deal. Jay's good. He's great, in fact. Dot's great. She's, like, one of the loveliest human beings I've ever met. But she's not winning you deals just because of her demos. You've gotta do discovery first. Alright, Jay, I'll leave it there for you. All right, we're gonna do a little activity so I can get a drink of water and you all can catch your breath. If you have a birthday, January through July, that is the first half of the year. You're going to write a discovery call purpose statement for a new logo prospect. If you have a call second half of the… or birthday, second half of the year. You're gonna write a discovery call purpose statement for an existing customer. I went over this a lot, we could talk about it another day. I was like, do I type it up, or do I write it down? So I wrote type up, I don't know the difference, but if you'll type into Slack, or Slack yourself? Y'all ever Slack yourself? It's a great thing. You can Slack with yourself. Or… and then share it in the chat, as you wordsmith. Your discovery call purpose statement. In leaving this, we're going to have 24 different versions. Of great purpose statements for two different types of buyers. I wish I had, like, the Jeopardy music here. What is that? Take a few minutes. Do that. Alright. Give you all another minute, and then I'll ask for a volunteer to share. Any takers? Who wants to share? It's very focused. 
DaVonte Scafe: My birthday's in December, so happy to give a stab at it. 
Ashlee Horn: Alright, let's go. For an existing customer, discovery call purpose statement. 
DaVonte Scafe: Alright, so, just to introduce myself, my name is DaVonte, I'm an Account Executive here at Grace Hill. Purpose of today's call is to see if there's anything we can help you out with beyond partnering with Grace Hill for training. We'll keep it super low pressure, but to get there, I have a few questions to ask, just to get a better understanding of what's in place today. How you're using them, and your priorities around the business. What you're potentially looking for, in a partner, and if it makes sense, we'll budget 5 steps at the end to discuss next steps. 
Ashlee Horn: Right, what do we think? Carlos? Clapping? Good. Was it clear? Was it direct? Do we know who DaVonte is? Who we're talking to? Right? I think that's really common when we're thinking about working with vendors. Am I talking to an SDR? Am I talking to… you know, Grayshail, especially existing customers, they may have, like, 5 points of contacts at Grace Hill. They might have met an implementation manager, a CSM, then they have, solutions, they have a bunch of people that they may have engaged with. So what's DaVonte's role? Why are we talking? Well done. 
DaVonte Scafe: Anything you'd tweak? 
Ashlee Horn: Anything you'd tweak? Good question, Monte. I was gonna let you off the hook and only give you positive feedback, but you asked? 
Carla Samford: DaVonte, will you copy and paste that into the chat so I can… Yeah. 
DaVonte Scafe: Will do. 
Ashlee Horn: No one wants to give… make DaVonte better today and give him constructive feedback. Y'all are too nice to each other. DaVonte. Feedback is a gift, a kind-kind gift, I'm gonna give some. I did really like it. The one tweak I would change, and Carla alluded to it earlier, I'm a proponent of assume we can. Right? So, determine how Grace Hill can work with you versus if. You can say, I'm okay with it, especially because you're qualifying, this opportunity if it's… if we determine there's not a fit, I am a proponent of, hey, we are… this is a yes or no conversation, right? This ends with a decision on if we're in a sales cycle or not. So I'm okay with the, you know, adding something to it, but I generally… it's a tiny little psychology thing on We… we will be able to help you, it's a matter of if our timing's right, etc, some other qualifications. Alright. Ms. Victoria Howard. Holy shit. 
Victoria Howard: government name, like I was in trouble. 
Melanie Heffinger: Get her middle name in there, too. 
Victoria Howard: I know, I don't know if I want to share it now. 
Ashlee Horn: No, no, no. I just… you just happened to be the first box it looked at. Would you like to do our new logo… 
Victoria Howard: Yeah. 
Ashlee Horn: Great. 
Victoria Howard: Yeah, I keep in pretty concise, and of course you adjust it situationally, but I think for the most part, when it comes to news, we're trying to qualify on both sides, so I essentially just say, hey, I'm just trying to get a feel for what's going on in your organization. what do those priorities look like? What are some of your needs, and why? Because we're just trying to figure out if a partnership makes sense between both of our organizations, and what appropriate next steps would look like, depending on what your needs are. So I play around with what the wording looks like, but that's the gist of what I give them from a purpose standpoint. 
Ashlee Horn: Thoughts? Feedback for Victoria? I think she put hers in the chat, too. 
Melanie Heffinger: I like it. I feel like kind of short and sweet is good. They don't want to feel like… it's overwhelming of what you're trying to do, it's very simple and straightforward. So yeah, I agree, and mine was new logo also, but… Very similar to that, in just… I think… you know, and I'm not… I don't… do this, religiously, but I think it's a good practice to start getting into, is making it feel like it's a mutual decision, too. Like, like you said, I'm not just there to pitch you, or I'm not just there to listen. Like, they obviously booked a call with us if… if that's why, you know, or why that's coming up in terms of a lead, but… There's something that they need, so determining what that is, but then we're gonna make the decision together on what the next step looks like. 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah. Yeah, I like that. We're not coming to where this is about a decision. It may be a fit, maybe not. I am not interested in selling you things you don't need, and you are not interested in buying things. So, I like that mutual fit piece. The other thing that you said, Victoria, I think I heard, you said, and why. I would add one element, and it may get too long, so whether it goes in the purpose statement or not, and and why now, right? So, we do want to try and understand what's happening in the business. That's… that tees you up beautifully for that situation, like. this business probably always had problems, unless there's a real, true, like, compelling event. Like, what's bringing you to the table now? But I like it, really well done and clear. clear what we're trying to accomplish. clear… what the end goal is, and I think to answer your question, Megan's, collective Megan's, this helps with the, I just came here for a demo. The purpose statement is a safety net. If you are working with someone in an organization, and you're like, oh, tell me about your business. Hey, it's nice to meet you, my name's Courtney. Tell me about your business. Tell me what's going on. oh my goodness, you're gonna hear about their founding story, and everything under the sun, and how they're currently in their mom's garage, because, like, you're just gonna hear the whole thing, and you have now spent 25 minutes and gotten absolutely no information. You're gonna definitely need another call, just because you didn't get anything out of it, right? So it grounds you as that safety net to say. I used to sell to founders all the time. Founders love to tell you their story, like. I want to hear about this. This sounds like it's such an interesting story. For purposes of this call, make good use of this time. I do want to make sure I answered the questions you came to answer, which is, you know, how… how Gracel… how you should be working with Grace Hill. And so, like, let's bring it back, so it allows you to very gently, very politely bring it back, and then, you know, reserve for that next call, purposes of this call. Similarly, if they're coming in and saying, I just thought this was a demo, it's like. I'm absolutely happy to book a demo. We find, though, our demos are not… are less valuable if we're not really clear on what's going on in your business, what products you're looking for. Again, we have a whole suite of products, and I'm interested in making this as valuable for you and being efficient with your time. So, can we run through a few questions and… If they're fighting you on that, that's okay. They weren't going to buy anyway. That's the truth. Like, if they're considering making a purchase for anything with thousands of dollars, tens of thousands of dollars, they'll take 8 minutes to answer questions and actually align with you on what they're trying to accomplish. It's like people walking onto a car lot, being like, I just want to drive it, I just want to drive it. It's like, okay, but unless… Unless they already drive that, or they, like, they're probably not that serious about buying. Alright, questions on all that setup? What I would tell you about purpose statements, why you think of your questions. Do not overthink it. Clear as kind. Simple, And put it on auto-repeat. the… the… OneNote document that I used to use as an AE that had 48 tabs from every discovery call I would do. I would copy and paste the same template of, like, questions I needed, like, my checkboxes for my discovery calls, and the same three sentences sat at the top that that, tape of a purpose statement, every single time. You're gonna tweak it slightly, new logo versus customer, may have a little more context, but the same core components are there, and then it becomes really easy. Really easy part of your prep. Questions before we move on? I'm not keeping an eye on the chat. Good, you all have a ton of good examples. 
Carla Samford: Did you want us all to put them in there so you've got them, then? 
Ashlee Horn: Yes, and then, Amanda, can you pull them out and, like, put them in a Word doc, so we don't lose them? Although, the spring report, I think we won't lose them, but… Alright, so discovery using a deck. There's all kinds of statistics that debate discovery with a deck versus not. I personally am gonna maintain discovery is a conversation, is a chance for you to learn about your customer. You have to be curious. That said. It is not… so it's not a presentation. That said, the deck is a helpful artifact to keep you both on pace and on track. To have that conversation. Is it appropriate every single time? If you have a 12-minute discovery call, do you need to pull up a whole deck? I would ask why you're having a 12-minute discovery call, and we can have a different conversation about that, but if you are having a conversation to really understand someone's needs and pain points, and looking for growing and opportunity, it's going to ensure that you have that structure and be more of a visual checklist, and again, help ground your buyer, because You have a plan for where you want them to go and how this whole sales cycle's gonna play out. If you don't share that with them, it's not mutual, it's not clear what you can do. So, I'm gonna walk you through, a deck that… marketing built, and I tweaked a bit. Claudia and I, full credit. So there, there may be some things that we want to continue to tweak. It's a version 1. Discovery conversation? call it… I… again, I just try and be really transparent, like. Call it a discovery conversation, call it exploratory conversation, just like, here's my title deck, here's what it is, starting with this conversation. When it comes to a discovery. conversation. I like leading with a point of view, right? I just told you our purpose statement here. Great. Melanie, I appreciate you joining the call today. Purpose of our call, we're going to be spending some time together so that we can evaluate how Grace Hill can be helpful for the business. In order to do that, I prepared a quick, deck to just guide our conversation. I have a few questions for you, obviously want to know more about where you all are as a business, and what brought you to Grace Hill today, and want to certainly make sure we tackle anything you had on the list. Y'all are gonna watch me do this crazy thing where I roleplay with myself, so… Amanda tells me I do it all the time. I will start with a little bit about Grace Hill. No. We hear from customers, And then you walk through these stats. If you know this customer well, these stats may not all be relevant, right? You can tweak them, you can be edited. This is the, hey, I did my homework. I have a point of view on your business, I have a reason that you showed up. Here's some things that people come to us for. So, I think… Megan mentioned it, somebody else mentioned it, like, we do have a heavy education sale a lot of times, because they're like, oh, I just thought you were at the training company. So this allows us to do the training without going on a 12-minute spiel about every single product that we have. It's like, hey, did you… this is why customers work with us. We're gonna start off with a little bit about Grace Hill. Not… we were founded and so-and-so, and so, like, don't do that. That is… a lot of bad salespeople talk about their company, like, let me tell you about Grace Hill. Like, they don't care. They don't. They don't care if you were found yesterday, they just need you to solve their problem. So, let me tell you about us, why people work with us. You're giving them this? To immediately broaden their perspective, on… what it is this conversation can be, right? So if you're… It's a quick 4 stats. likely one of them is going to resonate. You're basically illustrating their problem and saying, hey, I know your problems, I… I understand them because I live them every day, I work with customers, and good for you, we've come to the right place. This is, a big part of why we see customer success stories work. this is the… if you're familiar with Challenger, this is your Challenger sales slide, this is the pivot from, I'm just not interviewing you, to being a little bit more provocative and saying, hey, I've got a point of view, here's what I know to be… here's what I think to be true about your business. And here's the best part of this. It doesn't matter if you are right. In fact, it's great if you're wrong, because they love to tell you that you're wrong, and they will tell you all about the right things. This is not a pass quiz fail, it's a, hey, I did research. This is a place you can customize, too. Like, I… based on… if they put a lot of notes in the, conversation, great. If you heard from the CSM, like, it's just a chance for you to present that point of view. It's not just a stats dub. I think that's really important, because that can look very overwhelming. You sit here, please don't read them the stats, that's very boring. If you read it like a fact sheet, it's gonna fail you. The stats, sequencing, Is designed to narrow from, here's a bigger market pattern. To here's a mechanism that we can help. Clear as mud? Questions? So this is where you're… you're giving them something to react to, you're telling them this is a chance for you to take a break from interrogating them, right, asking a lot of questions. Okay. Now, this is your question slide. Right? This is… and again, it's blank by design, because this is going to force you to stop talking at them. Say, hey, I learned a little bit about you, react. And then understand their situation, pain, their impact. I have had a lot of reps be very successful with literally keeping this in edit mode, not in presentation view, and just typing on screen. I mean, you type bullets, right? Don't let it be this awkward, they're sitting here watching me type these long sentences. I think it's stressful to have people watch you type, but with the transcripts now, after the call, you can go in and fill in, like, talk to me a little bit about your current situation. What's going on? it is designed to be very clear to walk you through, because otherwise they're just going to say, I've got this big project, and then you move on in the conversation, and it can be really challenging for you to bring it back to challenges, and then what's going to be the broader impact. So it's literally gonna force it. we have had similar slides at nearly every company I've worked with, and people are always like, that seems… Weird, like it's blank. It works. And it's really easy, because they're… it also makes them feel like, oh, you're listening to me. I'm gonna go back to my doctor visit. If they're just sitting there, like, nodding along, like, not taking any notes, I'm a little, like, are you getting this? Are you sure? Like, write this down. So there is an element of that as well. The questions so far? Two slides. Okay. I will share with these slides talk tracks. That are just, like, framing them each up individually. I'm not presenting them to you now. We'll also have a roleplay video, or videoed, not even think anymore, recorded, where we'll put these slides in action, so that you will have an example of what good looks like as we go through this. So… Alright. I'm gonna give you a second to digest this slide. It's a… it's a bit dense. I think we can finagle the… Visualization of it, but what this slide is designed to do Is outline the four symptoms that we see into… Our value story. The reality that we have is… Operating is a challenge. They are always looking to do one of three things in operating, right? Grow, reduce costs, mitigate risk. And they are also looking to improve their NOI. That is a big part of our story, is how we impact NOI. For all the snaps and all the land, what does NOI stand for? 
Megan Fehling: Net operating income. 
Ashlee Horn: Thank you, Megan. It's not for you. That's all I got… Again, this is a… Our point of view, here's what we see from customers like you. Here's what we see. Here's why customers work with us. They're faced with these challenges. And now those challenges Boil down to… individual pain that they are going to talk to you about. And likely, as you get them to more of this point of view, they're like, yeah, and another thing, and another thing, like, this is another problem. I didn't even think about how this is affecting my training, but yeah, the training's a huge… like, we just have the turnover, right? This is designed to get them talking and help. This is not designed for you to educate them on all these concepts. It's a show it. Sate your talk track, and be quit. Let them react. And as they react, you can dig in with those second and third level questions we've talked about. Right. So this is a little bit of our house slide. This is our, a slide that walks us through why Grays Hill. You'll notice I don't even think Grace Hill… well, it's at the bottom in the logo. I intentionally am not saying product names. I intentionally am not saying, this is Grace Hill. I'm saying, like, this is the way you would solve those problems, and oh, by the way, we have a product that happens to just do that exact thing that you would want to do. But I am not selling feature function buttons. a lot of… a few of you, Victoria, Nate, and I come from a world where we used to sell an $80,000 username and password, where you can't sell… you've got to sell the value and the world that you… like, the heaven that is going to be their lives when they realize this value. And the product doesn't matter. Because the products are going to continuously change, right? We're going to change the names of them. Hopefully, in some instances. But how we realize value, and how they work with us, and them being a Grace Hill customer cannot be contingent on specific features or functions, because the one time that our team… our product team decides to take away the button that they love so much. they're going to want to file too many support tickets and get all upset, right? They end up with all these product feature requests. We're focused on how do we make your business better? These are the ways that we see you deriving value. And that's focused on, What your outcomes are. And again, they may say, I don't actually care about any of that. I, I only care about… AI leasing. That's the hot button from my, my executive team. That's all I care about. The other stuff is less relevant to me. And that's okay, they're giving you that information. So, I'm gonna pause, because this is a dead slide. Questions on this? Thoughts? React. So the way that we think about this… Is it's a… it is a… statement of… are comparisons, right? So this is a… Non-defensive, without calling out. We're basically getting ahead of our objections here, because we're saying, you had that problem we just talked about on the previous slide. And there's a few ways you could solve it. You could solve it with PMS, some people try to, they find gaps. We could solve it with point solutions, you could use just an AI leasing tool, you could invest all your money in training up your managers to be world-class. But the reality is, You're helping them see that this perfect world criteria is only… Possible if we get some combination of all of these things? And that just happens to be, coincidentally, exactly what Grace Hill sets. Our sweet spot is helping bring pieces of each one of these things together. It's not just… the, it's not one siloed solution. We're not a PMS, and your PMS is not going to solve all your problems. We know that there's wanting there. I think I saw… who came off? Hand up, yeah, Carla. 
Carla Samford: So, this feels a little like, more a slide that would appear in a demo. Like, when they're talking about Yardi, or RealPage, and we're trying to talk about why Grace Hill's a better solution. Share with me a little bit how you would work this in in a discovery… conversation. 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah, so I think the… my thought process on it is, and I'm open to you guys saying, I've sold exactly zero dollars of Grace Hill, so y'all… I'm open to you challenging me and saying, I've listened to a hell of a lot of calls. I'm open to y'all challenging this back. the… ARC is, we've walked through your situation, I've shared what we commonly believe. We have this education component, here's what we see in the market from people like you all the time. Does this resonate? And you're starting to get them down this, this, position of. Does this look like your pain? And when they say yes, and we start to go down the diagnostic path of, okay, well, tell me more. Then I say, Well, what are you doing about it? And what I hear from a lot of people is they usually try some combination of these four things. Now, the reason they still end up with us… And that's my next. component. So it's proacting an objection. 
Carla Samford: It's. 
Ashlee Horn: It's proactively saying, Are any of these working? Like, how are you solving it today? here's what we see as really the ideal state, and here's how we would recommend that you tweak what you're doing and solve it. Now. I'm open to you saying, like, I don't want a proactive objection until they bring it to me. I could hear that. I think we could make a case either way. It's a good… good question. 
Melanie Heffinger: Well, and I would think, too, just… from Discovery as a whole, like, every… every situation is going… and every lead and prospect is going to be a little different and nuanced, and so if it's somebody who's an existing client, and they already have us, and there's… you know, we may approach it a little different, and we may not use parts of this that wouldn't necessarily make sense, because we may have a lot more insight based on being on CSM calls, or, you know, those quarterly calls, and, like, already kind of hearing some of their pain, so maybe we just… We don't necessarily have to utilize all of this every time. 
Ashlee Horn: Yes. Yes, I think what you're trying to… wait, I don't think… what you're trying to do here is say. Do you agree with how I think that you should solve this problem? Again, without having shown you the demo. So that would be my… my thought back, Carla, is like. Do you want to solve the problem the way that I solve the problem, regardless of what my budget… my buttons and widgets look like? And that's… the difference to say, yeah, it would be cool. It would be cool if I had a clear picture of all of the experiences that I need, if I had clear insights that were a name next action for me, if I had a standard that I could view across multiple properties in one place, and some benchmarks and data to align my decisions for my business. That would be You're describing my ideal state, and that's when you go, and… Grace Hill, right? Like, that's… But you're getting them to agree to how the problem needs to be solved before you talk about us. So, what this looks like in actual production, in what this… the next slide is, it's a five-step chain, really, showing how Gracel operates. So, this becomes the how… this is where we're beginning to talk about us. to say. Great, I've got a great… a good understanding of your problems. You've been really clear on what you're trying to accomplish. It sounds like we agree that there is a better way to solve for this than your current PMS system. And I'd love to explain to you a little bit about how Grace Hill works with our customers to realize that ideal state you've described. And that's walking them through this… Five-step chain. Again, the visualizations, we may get updated. Amanda and I have been throwing this around as a… as a V1. But the idea being that those solutions I just showed you, those four different solutions, PMS, they're gonna do, like, one and two, right? They're gonna read, they're gonna diagnose, they're gonna surface data, it's more commoditized, it's easier to get data than it's ever been before, but what's really gonna make the difference is us being in the 3, 4, and 5. Like, where are customers say that they get the most value working with Grace Hill is not just surfacing information, because frankly, that's getting easier every day with MCPs and AI, but where it's prescribing, being able to assign and prove out the value and how they're making improvements. It's taking all of those insights from your surveys. And actually doing something with them, and showing that you're driving change across your employees. It's taking all of that insight, and being able… all that investment and training, and being able to link it back to exactly what your residents are asking for. Pause. React? 
Carla Samford: Is there, between 1 and 2, and just the colorization? 
Ashlee Horn: Yes. 
Carla Samford: Tell me about the blue versus the white. What happens? 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah, great question. So, essentially, the talk track is 1 and 2 are pretty common in a lot of the other areas. 
Carla Samford: Of comments about that. 
Ashlee Horn: where Grace Hill differentiates, and the reasons customers work with us. And that's the language I use a lot, because I'm saying, like, I'm not saying it's for you, but the reason is we do 3 and 4 and 5. That's our secret sauce, right? That's what makes us better, unique, and different. And… a lot of people are currently operating in 1 and 2, and they're looking to take their operations to 3, 4, and 5, because, again, like, call it out. Why don't people come to us for policies right now? They're like, yeah, ChatGPT could do it, right? Well, like, yeah, you can… you can read things, you can diagnose, you can get the information at a high level. But why you would do it with Grace Hill instead is because you can connect it all, and it starts to get to being able to actually prove it. that you've done it, the system of rent, right? You have more of those talk tracks. 
Carla Samford: I think number 2 should be Navy. 
Ashlee Horn: Alright! I'm not open to it. 
Carla Samford: People's thoughts, but I think we do a pretty good job diagnosing through analytics. 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah, I think we… I mean, I could argue we help with all of them. The… I think the talk track, and again, it's a little pro… it's very challenger-esque of, like, proacting the objection to say, I… like. If all you're looking for, and I'm almost… it's almost like, if all you're looking for is just a fancy dashboard, yeah, there's probably a cheaper way to do it. Like, to be honest with you about that. Those weren't words, I'll be honest with you about that. But… the re-diagnosed… where our secret sauce is, and why it makes sense for us to tie all of our solutions together, right? Going into what is our ideal state. I don't want point solutions anymore. They're fine, I'll take them, but I'm looking for why someone should go through the effort of change management to bring us their training when we already have their policy. when we already have their, like, bringing over their survey as well. We want them connecting everything, which is our whole way of differentiating. All right. Now, this is my most important favorite slide, so pay very close attention. Again, y'all know I'm pretty passionate about mutual action plans. This is our… So, what do you think, moment? I just learned about you, you learned about me. I told you, at the end of this, I was trying to make a decision. I think DaVonte did that nicely, like, hey, we're gonna determine if there's a fit. Now, this is our, does it make sense moment. So… We've talked about a lot today. This is how I would probably present this. We've talked about a lot today. as you think about your current challenges, if I were an excellent listener, I would insert what I heard, regurgitate what I heard from that three-box slide. And say, you've told us that you're… you've told me that you're looking for these things. where, as you… as you understand what Grace Hill is, like, here's what I would ask that we do. We go… From here, we would go on an evaluation journey and continue evaluating Grace Hill and how it would solve your unique situation. It's… A slide that shows them the buying journey. And says, ye in, or ya out? And if they say, I'm not doing that, then congratulations, they just saved you a hell of a lot of time. Now… We would start with, we're learning about your needs. Disc… this is only one box, because it's pretty gray on the slide. if you're like, this is the process, but honestly, we've been having such a good conversation, and it sounds like we've got… we've got more, more, and I need to learn about you. Before we go to our solution alignment, I would love to schedule a second call, so that we can dive a little deeper, and maybe you can bring your, head of L&D. That's okay. It doesn't have to be linear. It's just the big building blocks, like the milestones that are going to occur in an evaluation process. The last piece of this, and this is, you know, you will get used to this as you practice, is So, based on what I heard from you, where I would recommend we go, where today we had our discovery call, from what I've heard, there's definitely a fit, and you are right there aligned with our ideal clients, and we can absolutely help you with some of the problems we discussed. So what I would love to do, is schedule a solution alignment where we would walk… learn a little bit more and walk you through a demo. understand… then from there, we would show you our impact proposal, and we'd walk you through our pricing, and how our model works, and then I would ask of you that you have a decision. Now, typically, a customer of your size, we're walking through these steps. It's about 2 weeks, so… Would it work with your internal timeline for us to have a decision By the end of this month, let's say, 28th of August? And they may go, whoa! Too fast, Gina! Buy me dinner first. Like, no. And that's okay, because they just saved you a lot of time, because you just… they just saved Ashley from sending you a Slack message that says, why is this August 28th close date? And August 27th, the deal hasn't moved on discovery phase. Like, that's okay. But you know that. If you don't ask that question, they're gonna go, whoa, whoa, no. Like, here, we cannot make a fast decision to save our lives. Absolutely not. We're gonna need to talk to, like, four different people, and then you're gonna have to get up there, and this is at least, like, this is a Q1 thing. I'm just… we're just in budget season, so I'm just looking at this. Like, okay, great. So what would you recommend as a next step? Where does it make sense to go from here? And that is okay. Again, they just saved due time. But by saying, hey, customers like you, Do it this way. A company of your… a customer… a company of your size, Typically does it this way. No, with some realism, right? Like… They have 80,000 units, they're not making a decision in two weeks, usually. That's like, hey, would we… you know, we would typically… this process would typically take us about… 5 to 6 weeks to get to a decision, and then we're probably talking about another 8 weeks of going back and forth if we were to have to go through any kind of legal process. Like, does that sound about right? Like, I'm just testing based on what I know. Like, I've been doing this a long time, I'm a professional salesperson, and I'm saying it's probably going to take you about 3 months to make a decision. And to actually be able to move forward. Like, that about right? That is a lot better than… so when will you make a decision? I'm okay with that, too. But it just… some of us are not… I'm pretty direct. Some of us don't like that as much, so anchoring on that story of, like, I've seen this before. Would that work for you? And again, they're happy to correct you. And they'll be like, oh no, like, I… we needed this yesterday. That happens a lot less, but it'd be lovely if it happened more. Questions on your visual… I wouldn't call this exactly a mutual action plan, because it's just the high level of, like, an evaluation plan getting your reaction, but then… What you would do, ideally, as you're presenting this, is start to fill in, like, we're here today, so what makes sense when, when should we be scheduling our solution alignment? I am free. on, on Friday morning, would that happen to work for you? I think that would give me enough time to get… like, then you're actually… now, I'm booking my meeting from my meeting. And I have reason, and the other thing that I'm able to do is actually get them excited about showing up to my next call, so they don't ghost me. Because I'm like, here's what's in it for you. react. Questions? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Ashley, from an SE standpoint. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I love this. As you know, we track win rates, right? But sometimes when it comes to an SE, we are at the mercy of all these other things, like… Jay Thompson (He, Him): We never identified if this was a good fit, and that affects our SE win rate, but if we're going through this, and there's truly a technical discovery, there's truly success criteria, like, that makes our win rates that much more effective, right? Because that allows us to make sure Jay Thompson (He, Him): that we're speaking to the areas that, like, the SE team can really influence. Yep. We gotta make best use of SE time. Questions, comments? 
Dot Edwards: Ashley, I've got a question. A lot of times clients will, when we end the call and we've done some of the things you've just highlighted, then the person may say, well, I meet with the, you know, VP of X on Monday. let me… I'll just follow up with you, or the person, you know, some vary, of course, of the spectrum of gatekeepers, but… I always try to help them, and I've seen others on the call do this, where they're trying to help them not be the person that's now the expert on our solutions. So, what do you do to kind of take that back when they're still, like, kind of like, oh, well, I'm going to follow up with so-and-so next Wednesday, and then we'll just follow up with you? 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah, great. That happens to a lot of us, right? It's… A couple things, and that's depending on… in your case, if I heard your example correctly, Dot, it was… Good to know. I'm gonna meet with… call it my VP. on Monday, and discuss this, and then I'll get back to you. That, to me, is an immediate… what… what are you discussing in that meeting, right? Like, help me understand what's gonna happen. So I would… I would ask some version of that, right? Great. It sounds like you need to have more internal conversations. What questions do you anticipate from that individual? 
Dot Edwards: Hmm. 
Ashlee Horn: Who is that person? Right? I'm getting a name. What questions do you anticipate from that person? When you two have discussed decisions like this before, right? Purchases like this before. What do they typically want to know? How can I equip you? because of, like, I use the example of Todd all the time. Our Gong AE is really, really good. And when we were going through Gong Engage purchase, I said, if you send Todd a slide deck, he will throw it away. Do not do that. He doesn't read them. He doesn't like them. You need to send him a spreadsheet with numbers, like, he only wants to see numbers, and I… I need that to go talk to him about this. And, he sent it, we walked through it. I was like, can you hop on? He just slack-cuddled me. I'm like, can you hop on with me and walk me through, like, what's this number, what's this number? He was coaching me to then go make the business case. Which is great, because you don't necessarily want them… if they're saying, well, this person is going to be asking me, why can't we do this with our PMS? Or, oh my goodness, another vendor, another supplier that we're going to go have to evaluate. Those are things that you should very clearly put in your follow-up, like. Answer. Answer. Like, you're giving them the talk tracks. if you go, okay, well, how about we meet on Tuesday for meeting with them on Monday? You've totally missed the opportunity to learn in that moment, like, get all that intel. And I would say, you know, what time on Monday? Did you want to meet right after? So those persons' questions are fresh, and we can kind of walk through them? Please don't say, oh, you're meeting with them this Monday, so how about 2 weeks from now? Right? Drive your own urgency in your sales cycle. 
Dot Edwards: Love that. Thank you. 
Ashlee Horn: Cool. Good question, Dot, that does happen all the time. Or, of course, you could invite them into the call. Would it make sense, then, to have them on the demo? It sounds like they're going to be an important part of this decision-making process. Would it make sense to have them on the demo? I am also happy to send them this recap once I've cleaned it up. I can send it to you first if you want to read it, and then I can make sure to copy them on it, that way they're in the loop. The biggest thing is, and this happens so much. It is… it is a hard thing to do to ask people to sell for us. So when we say, okay, here's what you need, you go, you go have the hard conversation up. That's… that's a tough, like… You're putting them in a position to go ask for money, you're putting them in a position to talk about Grace Hill as well as we talk about Grace Hill. And articulate the value. So that's got to be really, really clear and simple for them, and usually after one call, it's not gonna be. Or, honestly, usually after two calls, a discovery call and then a demo, it's still not, because they spent 28 minutes of the demo watching Jay click buttons, and he did a great job, and he told a couple stories. But that's not gonna be enough when someone's like, why should I do this? And that's so, so… I cannot underscore this enough. You do not want to slow down your own sales cycles, and, especially for large deals. I say anything like 30, 40K and up? You prematurely proposing is… really destructive for you, because it's… it's going to come back. You're never going to get to the real root answer. Those are the ones that you close out, and they come back and go, I don't have a budget for that. Price, too expensive. And you're like, was it, though? Because… Like, the math is that… We could… we could really help you all with a lot of this operational pain. The one thing I will tell you, and I speak from experience, Matt would laugh in my face. If I went to him and said, I'd like to spend $50,000 to make my job easier, like… So when you say this is… this is… they're spending hours going through these survey responses, and it's so painful for them individually. I… I'm sure it is. I bet individually they hate it. I'm sure they say four-letter words the whole time they have to do that activity. Does their boss care? Is it mission critical to the business? Does it show up on the budget and the P&L? There's a difference between a project and a problem. A problem is tied to growth cost. and risk in the business. A project is just a thorn in my side thing, and I'll spend a little bit of money to fix a problem. But I cannot… go to Matt and say, I really don't like doing this, can I have 50 grand? It's so annoying. Because he'd probably fire me on the spot. Right? Like, that's not a business case. So when we go back to, like, business case, like, how are you going to articulate that? Now, if I go to Matt and say. I am spending 15 hours a week doing this, and therefore, there's not… there's time loss, I can't be in deal reviews, I can't… I'm not talking to customers, and more importantly, our salespeople are having to do all this work manually. And when we combine all that salary. Now we're looking at a $300,000 a week problem, because we haven't fixed this. He's gonna say, yeah, that's… we can make a $50K investment to fix a $300,000 problem. But one's a business case. tied to ROI, in this case, a lot of time tied to NOI, and one is your champion. venting to you because their job is hard, which I'm sure it is. I know it is, but that's really, really important as you think about distinguishing between those two things. And sussing out, are you ready to go to proposal? Which we're gonna get to, but if you… if you don't have a reason that they should spend money on this. that you would want to go get excited about? If you… if they're like, yeah, Courtney, come on, why don't you come join my executive meeting? You come pitch this to my executive team. And Courtney's like, I'm not doing that, they should not be buying this. Like, that's… that's gonna end up sounding that way at the end of the deal. Like, you've got more discovery to do. Questions? Comments? Concerns? Thoughts? Okay. I'm going to send this out. I would love for you all to pick one? upcoming call, give this a try. I would recommend you spend some time prepping, you know, like, practice your talk tracks. I will send out the talk track guide with it as well. If you're a crawl… Dip-my-toe-in-first type person. It's okay. It's okay, I understand, it's different. The most important elements are… Here… well, that's the wrong direction. Here, Visualization of this. Right? Because it's really going to require you and encourage you to pause and have this conversation. what's going on in the business, challenges, impact, right? And what's going on in the business? That's really important. Like, why now? That's gonna tie to that why now? Like, what's happening? You've always had a problem. with your policies being outdated, you all have not done anything in the last 3 years, like, why are you investing budget now? And maybe the reason is just like, hey, I'm thinking about it now, because I've got a budget, and maybe I should be asking for budget and something. That's okay. It's a good reason enough. But think how you can tie bigger, and again, I would put yourself in the question of… in the format of. When they go talk to their boss in their one-on-one, or their boss's boss's boss. How is this tied to something that they care about? And then, the next most important piece is your evaluation plan. Because if we can get really good, as we get really good at this. And saying, every deal that makes it to Phase 2 in our pipeline has actually agreed to go on a sales… to be in a sales cycle with us, and is actually saying, like, yeah, I'm thinking about Gray Sell. I might be able to get to a… I'm gonna get to a decision in whatever time. you'll have an accurate close date. That's okay if they say, I won't make a decision until February. You can still keep it as an opportunity, and put the close date in February, and then I won't bug you till February. But, like. That is why we have close dates. That's the magic of that field. Like, you can keep it and work it as a viable opportunity. But just put it so it closes in February, so we have a real read on the business, so we know where to forecast things. Doesn't mean it won't change, but we have a starting point. then you will have a much higher quality pipeline, you'll have much more focus, and then we know exactly where to spend resources, right? To Jay's point, we can deploy resources, we can get you more support, we can get you The coaching, practice, roleplay. This is really hard to do if you've got I'm not looking at any boxes in particular, but 47 deals. Totaling $600,000, In your pipeline right now, all scheduled to close August 31st. 30th? How many days are in August? End of August. which one person on this call does, that is a lot of deals. I don't know how you log in and know where to spend your time today. And they're not all the same. They're not all created equal, and that's okay. They're all definitely not closing in August. Questions? Comments? Concerns? Okay. Purpose statement? Ask your questions, your SPI slide, Mutual action plans. Your discovery call is to determine fit and get to a decision. It's okay if the decision is no. We just need to get to a decision. I would much rather have clarity on what's moving and pipeline than a bunch of people that we're chasing and we're in sales cycles with ourselves. Cool. All right, well, thank you all, you've been a wonderful audience. I'll be back here, tomorrow night, at the… tomorrow day, at the same time, same channel. But it won't be me. Lucky for you. Tomorrow is… Jay? Jay's on the docket tomorrow, yes, Jay. On storytelling and demos. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I'm not near as good of a teacher as Ashley, so please drink lots of coffee to stay awake. Please. You're quite the storyteller. Alright, thank you all, have a great day, everyone! 
Melanie Heffinger: Thank you.