
Ashlee Horn: Hello? 
Carla Samford: Hello! 
Ashlee Horn: Happy Taco Tuesday! 
Dot Edwards: Go to… 
Ashlee Horn: At least it is in my house, because the Mexican restaurant up the street does $2.99 tacos, $5 margarita, and draft beer, and I don't know about y'all, but I cannot make a taco for $2.99 anymore. Price of groceries, so… everyone eats tacos in our house on Tuesday. Only chicken or beef, though, because that's what's included in the special, none of this overpriced shrimp nonsense. 
Krista Cook: I got you one better. We have a local brewery that has Wiener Wednesdays. 
Ashlee Horn: Huh? 
Carla Samford: Very nice. 
Megan Fehling: No. 
Ashlee Horn: That's great. 
Carla Samford: with your wind down? Well, that's a brewery, so I guess I wouldn't… Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: Wine and wieners, that's great. 
Ashlee Horn: That's great. 
Amanda Oliverio: Hey guys! 
Megan Fehling: Oh, hey! 
Melanie Heffinger: I expect you to start the meeting tomorrow with that. Yeah. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: Both in hand. hilarious. 
Ashlee Horn: This is one of those down… those sad times where I wish we still worked in an office, because if I had you all in here for 90 minutes, I would at least bring snacks. We would be having snacks, so… do you need to go get yourself a snack to… maybe some popcorn for Jake's storytelling. Session, then, please feel free. Enjoy. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Are we ready for me to take it away? I'm ready. I was gonna make you the host, but, for some reason. I'm really challenged with Zoom, and that tends to be a challenge, but I will… Oh, I'm making you the host, because I may have to drop halfway through, but… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Okay, actually, I'm gonna stop here, because I need to share my sound, so give me just a moment. Before we… before we dive in, while you're getting ready to share, can we do a little recap? Because y'all are going to hear a lot of things. One takeaway from yesterday's session. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Lord, Ashley's stealing my thunder, because that was the first thing, but… Jay, I see your notes, not the presentation. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Okay, well there you go, now you know it was really my first thing, but… Oh, look at you! This makes my heart sing, Jay. slide. 
Melanie Heffinger: Do we want to wait for Jay to ask it, or do you want answers? Jay Thompson (He, Him): No, no, by all means. Go ahead. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: didn't offer us a Starbucks gift card. I don't need… I don't need the service. 
Ashlee Horn: Fair. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I'd say, now everybody's gonna volunteer. 
Megan Walton: I'm here for the Starbucks, for sure. 
Melanie Heffinger: I'll give mine to Megan, I'm not a Starbucks scalp. 
Ashlee Horn: myself out now. 
Melanie Heffinger: I would say that what I took away from yesterday, what I wrote down, is a decision on Grace Hill is the goal. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: That was one of mine, too. a decision in one way or the other, and I'm feeling that in my bones right now. 
Megan Fehling: My takeaway was to create a… like, basically, like, your pitch or, like, your opening statement for both new logo and for expansion, or current. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Purpose statement. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: the purpose. 
Megan Walton: Can I add one more? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Of course! So, agreed with Megan and Melanie. What stood out to me, I liked the conversation around Specifically, I think Ashley said, how can we equip you to go back to your teams when they're selling on our behalf? And so, I liked that dialogue around how we can set ourselves up for success when that happens. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Love that. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Anybody else want to share? I've got my three. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Giving hers away, but… 
Carla Samford: Mine was, like, this weird aha, which should have been obvious, but, when you're really looking for… trying to get to the root of the desired outcome, that what we… the product is just the vehicle to deliver the desired outcome. 
Megan Fehling: So what should we be driving? 
Carla Samford: Say again? 
Megan Fehling: I said, so what should we be driving? 
Carla Samford: A Mercedes. 
Megan Fehling: Mmm… 
Carla Samford: Land Rover? I don't know. Your pro… you're… be your vehicle of choice, Megan. 
Ashlee Horn: Carla, man, great thing that you're great at selling, because you got champagne taste with those Mercedes, Rand Rover… 
Carla Samford: Well, my dad was. 
Ashlee Horn: These are kind of commission checks. 
Carla Samford: My dad was a Chevy dealer, so I have to take it up a notch. 
Ashlee Horn: Oh, okay. 
Carla Samford: Which, by the way, Jay, whenever you say I'm not a used car salesman, I'm like, we were. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Fair. Fair. I get it. All right, well, thank you for that. Hopefully you got it. So, starting Day 2 of the Sales Excellence Series. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Talking about elevating your storytelling, something that I love and enjoy, although I, after doing this, realize there's some areas that I need to continue to grow in. But, quick show of hands, or you can do an emoji. Jay Thompson (He, Him): In the chat, whatever. But raise your hand if you've ever sat through a presentation. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Or a demo, and literally forgotten everything about it by the time the next day came around. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Nobody. 
Melanie Heffinger: Like, a demo that I did? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Or a presentation… no, a demo that you watched, a presentation. Sure. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Think about RKO. We sat through a lot in RKO. How many people right now can tell me exactly what RKO we covered? Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: I got a good example. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Shoot. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: The gong training from 2 weeks ago. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Without unpacking that, the gong training from 2 weeks ago, right? 
Krista Cook: Amen. Jay Thompson (He, Him): The fact is… 
Ashlee Horn: Just so you know, we are fixing that. I have been assigned a new trainer. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: I believe in you, I know you are. For the strongly worded email, your feedback was heard. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Thank you for that. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: And thank you, Krista, for speaking up. Nobody else wants to say anything. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Yeah. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, the fact is, we all sit through things every single day and forget what it was about. But now I want you to think about the last time someone told you a story. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Or a customer told you a story. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I'd be willing to bet you probably remember it, right? Because at the end of the day, we remember stories. Jay Thompson (He, Him): But we forget feature list, as evidenced. Jay Thompson (He, Him): By the email that I got from Carla yesterday about a client literally wanting us to answer questions that we already talked about in a demo, right? Like, we forget feature list, we remember the story. So today is all about talking about how we can build those things really in a repeatable way. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Keeping with my storytelling agenda, this is kind of what we're gonna go over, so a little bit of the prologue, why is it important? Jay Thompson (He, Him): The science and why it works. This is where I will geek out. This is also a call to Ashley's heart, because if you didn't know her, she's kind of got a background in this area as well. We'll talk a little bit about the model, how you develop it, and then there's going to be a part where you all are going to develop your own stories. Jay Thompson (He, Him): As well. So, we are going to use the whiteboard, we are going to use breakout rooms, use those times wisely, so… Jay Thompson (He, Him): But I want to start with why do stories matter? We are going to start by watching a pitch as it unfolds. It's only 4 minutes, it's gonna say longer than that on the screen, but it's only 4 minutes. Do me a favor, if you're a crier, please go ahead and grab some tissues for this one. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, fair warning, but we'll watch this one unfold. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): Hi, Sharks, my name is Charlie Green, I'm from Los Angeles, California, and I'm here seeking $300,000 for 5% equity in my company, Rimento. Sharks, the stories of our parents and our grandparents keep our family history alive across generations. And yet, far too often, when we lose those people, we lose those stories, too. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): Well, with Romento, we have built the easiest way ever created to keep those stories alive forever. Rimento's life story books transform a parent or grandparent's memory of the past into a keepsake book for the future, but unlike anything you've ever seen. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): Memento books completely write themselves. See, every week, Memento sends your loved one a new storytelling prompt. And then, without any apps to download, or logins, or passwords, they record their spoken answer. No writing required. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): Now, some of the storytelling prompts that they receive are handpicked by members of your family, like a photograph from their childhood, or a question about their hometown growing up. Our first-of-its-kind speech-to-story technology automatically transforms those recordings into written stories, compiles those stories into a keepsake book. Pimento books contain a QR code printed inside. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): That when you scan, link directly to the recording used to write that story. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, Sharks, who's ready to make history and help families preserve memories and stories like never before? Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): So the book that you have right in front of you is actually a book that my sister and I created with our mom. So what does it cost to do this project? Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, our base price for Rimento is $99. For that price, we are bundling a one-year subscription to our digital product with a credit for a hardcover color-printed book. Our average order value is $119. We have a couple of add-ons that people can add. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): We take on a liability when we go ahead and book, that transaction of $16 to print and ship the books. That leaves us with $103, that's an 86% profit on that. But, and here's the problem, and here's the challenge I see for you. My kids, they… Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): Trying to get them to connect to it. Can you integrate that to social media, so it's the platform where kids go, that my grandkids or whoever can log into. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): And… because that's the medium they're most comfortable with. It's exactly the way the product is designed today. It's a digital product with a physical complement, and the reason why it's a digital subscription is to be able to maintain access… Can you tell us about yourself for a minute? Where did you come from? How did you become such a good presenter? What happened? Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): I'll tell you, my connection to this business stems very much from personal experience. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): It was a couple days after my 10th birthday that we lost my dad on September 11th in 2001. And it was in the years after 2001. Was it in the towers? Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): He was on United Flight 93, which was headed to the nation's capital. Wow. But, ended up crashing in a field in Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania, after the passenger stopped. It's a piece of American history in your family there. It is, yeah. American hero. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): He is an American hero. Yes. Well, it was in the years after 2001 that I spent a lot of time thinking about, his legacy. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): Both in terms of how Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): we would keep his legacy alive as a family. She would be so proud of you, just to see you stand with such presence and such strength and such beauty. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): I'm sure he is, and I'm sure he's very proud of you. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): So… Sorry, keep going. I'm gonna try to get this out. I'm really gonna try. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): In that period of time after 2001, I spent a lot of time thinking about his legacy, both in terms of how we would remember him as a family, and also how he would be remembered in memorials and museums across this country. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): And I remember coming to the realization, as a really young kid, that there were so many questions that I was never gonna have the chance to ask him. Audio shared by Jay Thompson (He, Him): And it's why when my mom was diagnosed with stage 3 lung cancer years later, I knew I could not miss the opportunity to ask her the questions that I never had a chance to ask him. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, so it's a tearjerker in that regard, but I'm gonna ask… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Tonight, when you're debriefing that day, what are you gonna remember about this video? 
Carla Samford: That I need to go buy this product. 
Melanie Heffinger: Same! 
Amanda Oliverio: I was thinking that. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Okay. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: Fermente. 
Krista Cook: I actually wrote the name of it down so I could go buy this product. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Fair. 
Amanda Oliverio: But the sharks didn't connect with him until he shared his personal. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Right? Garden. Jay Thompson (He, Him): it was all transactional, like, Mark was like, like, we were already throwing out obstacles. I will tell you, fast forward, he did indeed get a deal for this. 
Melanie Heffinger: Better have. I mean, goodness. Jay Thompson (He, Him): They did. Fun fact, if we want to call it a fun fact, after I lost my dad, I saw this story, and to your point, it connected with me, and I went and bought this for my mom. Because I was like, I want to make sure. Jay Thompson (He, Him): that we have those stories. So I just wanted to start this. I know it's a little bit of a tearjerker. Amanda and Nate and Ashley, they didn't tell me I couldn't do it. I sent y'all this in advance. Jay Thompson (He, Him): But I just wanted to talk about… obviously, I don't know that we get tearjerker stories in ours, but the fact is, you saw, and Amanda pointed it out, you saw that shift from… Jay Thompson (He, Him): here's another pitch, I'm ready with my obstacles, here's why it might not work. So all of a sudden, oh my gosh, what about that parent that I need, that needs this product? What about the memories that I can't afford to miss? So, just a little bit of an illustration as we move on. Jay Thompson (He, Him): kind of segue out of that, hopefully not related to this, but does anybody want to share a product that maybe you bought based on a story or recommendation? Anything top of mind? Jay Thompson (He, Him): One that somebody recommended to me was like, you can't live without this. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Oh, buddy. Jay Thompson (He, Him): We all buy things off of Instagram, because you just saw an ad. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Or TikTok. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: I was just about to say, I can't think of anything specific, but I feel like TikTok does a really good job of that. Honestly, those stupid little influencers, they… that's what they do, is they will tell you a little… Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: story about how they're using it, or how great it is, or their personal experience with it, and that's what grabs you to make you buy it, is the little story that they're telling. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Fair. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Any other feedback on the power of storytelling? I will tell you one of my latest ones was because of Amanda. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Because… and hers was just a story, I have way too many ball caps, way too many. And I literally was like, I don't know what I'm gonna do with these ball caps. And Amanda's story wasn't about Ashley and I were talking about it, it wasn't about, like, the type of material with this organizer, or what it did. She's like, hey. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I literally had the same issue, because if you don't know, Amanda's got a little side gig, so she's got lots of ball caps and stuff, and she's like, here's how I solved for it. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I'm not gonna lie, I was like, just send me the link. Like, as soon as she told me to solve the issue, I was like, just send me the link, type of deal. So, as we move on, I just want you to remember that storytelling isn't a nice-to-have. Jay Thompson (He, Him): It's literally how a prospect experiences your sales calls. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And honestly, you do this… Jay Thompson (He, Him): informally, all the time. Maybe we don't do it as consistently as we need to. So today, hopefully we're going to give you some structure on that. And by the end of the session, hopefully you're going to leave with a written and a delivered story that you can deliver on your own. Jay Thompson (He, Him): But, before we move on, I do love influencers on modern day sham. Well, I'm not checking the chat as much. So, let's talk about the science behind it. This is the geeky part, right? So, just stay with me here. But, we do know that the brain, that magnificent organ, doesn't just listen to a story, right? It actually participates, and it's the way we're Jay Thompson (He, Him): kind of hardwire, to do that. So do me a favor, type in the chat, we won't launch the whiteboard. Think of a time someone told you a story about… and it changed how you saw something. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Type a word in the chat for how it made you feel. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And it could be a story about an event, it could be just… fictional story, so Megan, empathetic. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Curious, eager, good. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I'm gonna wait for a couple more. I'm not afraid of silence. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Excited, emotional. Jay Thompson (He, Him): humbled. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Because, again, we know that the brain, literally. Jay Thompson (He, Him): connects to it. So when we look at the science behind this, the first is there's neurocoupling, right? So a listener, just at the end of the day, isn't hearing you. We're literally building the scene alongside you. It's literally one of my favorite things. Hopefully, you all are readers in here. Jay Thompson (He, Him): One of my favorite things about reading fictional books Jay Thompson (He, Him): is as they're talking about the scene or the setting, like, I literally am creating that in my mind, right? So, we build that scene. Here's a really cool kind of statistic. There was a Princeton neuroscientist Jay Thompson (He, Him): That they put up two images, and it was of a father and a son. Jay Thompson (He, Him): One was just the image, right? Nothing more, than that. Excuse me, wrong story. Neuroscientist, let's back up for a minute, I'm looking at my notes. But this neuroscientist saw that speakers and listeners' brains actually Jay Thompson (He, Him): temporarily coupled together during a story. What's that mean? That… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Essentially, when you're telling a story, we're almost transferring information directly from one brain to another. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Really kind of weird, the way that happens, but the part is, that coupling, that kind of coming together and singing the same language, disappears almost entirely if we don't understand the language or the story's disjointed. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So you gotta be able to understand it, you gotta be able to see yourself in it, in order for that to happen. Jay Thompson (He, Him): The next one is dopamine, right? So dopamine, that's emotional high, it can motivate you. This is the one that I wanted to tell you about. So there's a neuroeconomist. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Who knew there was such a thing? But they did two images. One, again, father and son. One was just the image, no other explanation. The other one Jay Thompson (He, Him): Included a story about the picture. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And what they found out was that the narrative, the one that had a story behind it, produced more, dopamine and oxytocin in viewers than the ones who just looked at the image. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And here's the biggest thing. Those that had the biggest oxytocin spike, it was for a fundraiser, actually donated more money afterwards. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So that storytelling immediately taps into a, I can be motivated to buy, right? Krista said that when she's like, I wrote down the name of Remento, because I want to go, you know, think about buying it type of deal. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Then, of course, we have mirroring, right? You've all experienced that, it's the best feeling when we're all on demos together, is when we're in that Zoom room, and everybody starts nodding along with the story, right? We're all in that same mental place, same time. We're on the same wavelength, those are literally the best feelings in the world. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And then, of course, last one is we get cortex activity, which means that the story recruits more of the brain. So, literally think about, again, if you're reading a story and somebody talks about they kicked Jay Thompson (He, Him): something, or they're talking about walking through a field of lavender. Your brain literally begins to remember that scent, or know what that action is. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So if we know that story beats facts on a scientific and neurological level, let's talk about what a good one actually looks like, right? So I want to talk a little bit about, probably, maybe what we do by default, and how it falls short. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Before we move on, though, I'm gonna stop for a minute, because you all know me, famous last words. I tend to sometimes talk too much. Are there questions, thoughts, concerns? Jay Thompson (He, Him): That we can address right now. We all tracking? Do we believe storytelling is powerful? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alex. 
Carla Samford: And then, when, Brief Story Edge to Learn, when they were creating the content, Lon Lamb, who was the kind of brains behind it, adult learning principles say people remember concepts from stories as well. So, there was a lot of storytelling within our content, which we still have now. To help people, be able to apply the information, so they could relate to it in application, and remember it when it came time to apply it, because the story was woven in with it. Jay Thompson (He, Him): That's a great point. I think about the Leasing 101 series, right? Like, literally, Carla tells the story that people would literally be like, I, like, I need to know what happened to those characters. They were so, like, invested in the story of it that the concepts came to life, so… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, well, as we move on, let's talk about… so, I'm gonna give you roleplay. Amanda, we're gonna act like you and I are on a discovery call, and you just told me something. So, talk to me, we're gonna unpack each one of the ways that this can happen. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, Amanda, thanks so much for sharing that. Like, we actually built a platform that pulls data in from 6 of our systems into one view. It's got real-time alerts and benchmarks into that. We've got a great AI component that's closed. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Within it, you can ask real-time questions. It helps you surface themes. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Got recommendations, business recommendations, but also training recommendations. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And also the ability to kind of close that loop with the action plans and tasks to be able to fall out. So, if that is the first way that I approached Amanda's story, talk to me what it felt like. 
Amanda Oliverio: Why does that matter to me? Why… why is that important? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Anybody feel like they got pitch-slapped? Yep. 
Carla Samford: You're rattling off things. 
Melanie Heffinger: Well, I thought you were telling a story, and I'm like, he's doing the feature-led, I didn't realize that's what So you nailed it, because I was like, he's not telling a story right now. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Very good, right? I think it's… those things a lot easier, I think. Jay Thompson (He, Him): 100%, right? So… Jay Thompson (He, Him): I led with our product right out of the gate, so think back, I think it was, Carla, when you said, hey, la- yesterday, when Ashley was like. Jay Thompson (He, Him): you know, don't lean with the product, don't lean so much into that core functionality or core, concept here as well. So, don't lead with it. To Melanie's point, I didn't tell you a story, I didn't set it up. Amanda may or may not have had that problem. If she didn't, I've lost her at that point. Jay Thompson (He, Him): It does sound like a pitch, and it ends on a feature, right? Not a, here's what's in it for me, right? The WIFM, if you've been in multifamily WIFM, what's in it for me, the old acronym, like, there's nothing there for that, right? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Instead, let's think about if the story had been, hey, Amanda, loved… thank you so much for sharing that. You know, it actually reminded me of a story about Patty. She's actually a VP of Training and Development for Fogelman. They're a really large operator, about 35,000 units, and… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Ultimately, like a lot of people we talked to, their tools just didn't talk to each other, and Jay Thompson (He, Him): Patty really explained that before consolidation, policies lived, like, in paper handbooks that weren't always accessible, they were definitely not up-to-date. Mystery shopping got evaluated entirely removed from an aspect of training. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Performance even was tracked on an Excel sheet. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And she said, you know, leadership had no real-time visibility into trends across the portfolio. So the teams… her words were, teams don't always have the information they needed in a timely manner, and that led to inconsistencies, not only in service, but in leasing practices. Jay Thompson (He, Him): However, once Fogelman consolidated policies, mystery shopping training into one platform, everything changed for them. They stopped hunting for policies. They started seeing completions in real times. Jay Thompson (He, Him): admins were able to assign targeted training, and all that time spent chasing information down, associates were able to start finding what they needed for themselves, and Patty said consolidation has been a game changer. It was a complete fresh start. Would that kind of visibility help your team? 
Amanda Oliverio: Yes, absolutely. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, so let's unpatch that. Have coffee, it sounds like. Jay Thompson (He, Him): There you… there you go. So let's unpack that one. What changed in the second scenario? 
Megan Fehling: It was easy. 
Carla Samford: Well, they are… 
Megan Fehling: Oh, it was easier to, like, stay involved and engaged in the story. Like, I felt like whenever you told the first version, it… I kind of… checked out. As soon as you started pitching the product, I was like, meh. And then I lost all, like, interest. And then the second story, I felt like I was able to connect. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Okay, perfect. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Other thoughts? 
Carla Samford: They can connect with at least one aspect of that story. I mean, they can see themselves in it. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Good point, Carla. Keep that in mind. 
Krista Cook: Oh, sorry. You pulled in, in the second story, you pulled in The solutions, but you talked with them, not just throwing them all out there. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Fair, yeah. 
Jake Bulkowski: I feel like, for me, as somebody who doesn't know the product probably as well as, like, you know, everybody on this call, it helped… it gave me more of an understanding, right? I'm hearing this kind of as a third party, and it helped me understand something. Versus the first version of that. And then the other thing that stood out to me is, you know, I think about how I process things, and… you know, I retain things a lot more if it's visual. If I could see something on the screen, or if I have something to follow along with, whether that's the video, right, it's interaction. I feel like if I just hear something and it goes on too long. I eventually check out as well. I just… I'm lost. And so, I feel like the story did a lot of what you described in the last slide, was it allowed my mind to almost create the visual. So I could almost have that similar experience and better retention as seeing something without actually seeing anything, which was kind of crazy to… feel like I noticed what's happening. So… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Jake, great feedback, and yeah, Jake could be a really good litmus test, because to your point, Jake… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Hello, data. Today, very independent from Performance HQ, so good feedback there. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, situation two, and we're gonna go through our version 2. We named the person, right? We made it personal to them. Jay Thompson (He, Him): We build the pain, right? They didn't have the information, it was leading to inconsistencies. Jay Thompson (He, Him): made the customer the hero. To Amanda's point, she's like, I kind of wanted to have coffee with Patty, like, I can commiserate with her, I know her story, I want to know what's next. And then we ended on the impact, and the big part, and we'll unpack this a little later, too, is we asked a question back to the prospect, and we'll talk a little bit more about how that moves on. Jay Thompson (He, Him): But, as we kind of just drive home this point as well, right? So we know when you're making a third-party reference. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, there's really two ways this can go, right? No matter what situation, it's always you and the customer, ultimately. But when you pitch directly, when we did that version one, where we, we solve for X with all these features. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Like we said, it either means… Jay Thompson (He, Him): the person has to recognize themselves. If they don't. Jay Thompson (He, Him): they completely reject it, right? So that's why I don't have a problem rejection. There's literally no coupling there. We do that 2 or 3 times, and we've all been on those demos, right? The ones that… and this is through no fault of AEs, but the ones that sometimes we couldn't get on a discovery call. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Beforehand. And they didn't articulate their pain well. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And we're… you and I are both sitting on a demo going. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I don't know that this is resonating at all, because they've never shared. Jay Thompson (He, Him): anything. However, when you reference that third party, right? So, hey, one of your peers had this problem. And, you know, Carla, you hit on it, it doesn't matter if that prospect agrees that the claim is true. They just have to be able to relate to someone else's experience. Jay Thompson (He, Him): That's a definite lower bar, ultimately, for us to hit. Jay Thompson (He, Him): But when that happens, and then you can say, I get where they're coming from, that's where the sweet spot happens, right? So, it provides its own value. So, couple things we take away, the advantages. Number one, it doesn't tire. Jay Thompson (He, Him): You can tell story after story after story. Jay Thompson (He, Him): without it ever really sounding like a pitch in that repetitive way, right? Where you're like, to Megan's point, she's like, I have tuned out, I'm tired of the features. But you tell those stories, it's engaging, you can do that. Number two, it provides value on its own. And we see this all the time. It teaches the prospect Jay Thompson (He, Him): How other people are approaching the same problem. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And then ultimately, it positions you as an expert. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Right? You know people who've been in those shoes. And that's one thing I would love for you all to leave here. I love riding sidecar with you all, but I don't know that you always need me sidecar if you're able to tell really great stories. Jay Thompson (He, Him): and pitch value in that regard, because then they know, I'm gonna pick on Megan Walton, just because she's our newest AE, right, coming out and starting on her journey. Like, at that point. Jay Thompson (He, Him): They don't… Megan doesn't need me, they're like, okay. Jay Thompson (He, Him): They're like, Megan gets it. She's dealt with people who've had the same problems. I can trust that she's gonna guide me in the right way, so… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, as we move on, anybody need a quick 5-minute break, stretch, get a sip of water? Are we still doing okay attention-wise? Jay Thompson (He, Him): I can't see everybody, nobody's asleep. It's possible Gina and Nate DaVonte are, just cause they're off-camera, just kidding, I gotta pick on y'all a little bit, but… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, as we move on, does this look familiar? Everybody should nod their head from yesterday. If not, Ashley is gonna be kicking herself, so… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Yes, this looks familiar, except by looking at the screen? Head nuds… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Lord, nobody's had nodding Dot sorta is, but… Alright, so let's talk about… every story literally has 3 beats, and you all should recognize this. Situation, pain, and impact, right? So, ideally, we start kind of flat. That's your situation, right? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Then, you take a dip. That's the pain. Jay Thompson (He, Him): You cannot rush through the pain. That dip is on purpose. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I mean, you gotta do it. What's the old adage that the highs are higher when you've experienced the lows? You gotta go deep, you gotta make them feel it, so don't rush through it. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And then, ultimately, you rise. Jay Thompson (He, Him): to the impact. And ideally, we're rising higher than the level that we started from. Jay Thompson (He, Him): With that said, most of us do this right here, this gray line, right? We take the shortcut by jumping straight from the situation into what the impact is, and we pitch. Jay Thompson (He, Him): it's faster, it's also, as we have reiterated now several times, completely forgettable as well, right? The dip is really what makes the peak, so you can't over… at the end of the day, you can't move past that. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I know that the other directors are on here, Ashley's on here as well. Just want to stop for a minute and get y'all's thoughts on this. Jay Thompson (He, Him): portion as well, and about particularly that pain portion, because I think it's an area that we typically want to skip over, so… 
Amanda Oliverio: I'll tell you a little story. Which is probably one of the most impactful in my sales career. I was in a training, I worked for LexisNexis at the time, and the trainer pulled me aside, and he said, Amanda, did you know that you're a bag diver? And I was like, what is a bag diver? He's like, you get one little piece of paint, and you go right for that money bag. And so the slide that Ashley showed yesterday, where you can come out of pain too early, when you… and just skip that, and so just don't be a bag diver, is the point of the story. But it was really impactful, and I… I was very conscious of that after the fact, and I would actually sit in my hands, this is when I would meet with people in person all the time, and tell myself, don't, don't be a bag diver, don't dive for the money bag, and once I, you know, trained that muscle and stopped doing that, my sales increased tremendously. Jay Thompson (He, Him): That's awesome. 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah. 
Nate Sell: Yeah, I would… I would also say for the pain part, I know for myself, there was always a hesitancy to live in pain, because it gets uncomfortable, right? Like, it feels like an uncomfortable conversation, and you feel like you're making your potential buyer uncomfortable. But I had a coach one time remind me that if you're talking to somebody who works at this organization, no matter what organization they work at, they have pain. They have challenges. And oftentimes, you don't feel safe sharing that pain with your coworkers, your boss, and your peers. And so, if you can get on the same side of the table as them, this is their chance to vent. This is their chance to talk about pain in a room where they won't be judged. but instead will be provided a solution. And so, try to come at it from that angle of, I'm not trying to get you to talk about pain to make you feel uncomfortable. I'm giving you a chance to talk about pain to somebody you don't work with and don't work for, and then we're gonna try and solve it for you. And that really helped frame my mind around how uncomfortable those conversations could feel. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I love that. Jay Thompson (He, Him): then they become the hero, too, right? Because when you solve for it. 
Ashlee Horn: Cool. Jay Thompson (He, Him): That's… Ashley, anything else to add? You just look like you're chomping in the bed. I always have something to say, Jay. The, I will focus on the name a real person. So, I have an 8-year-old, and if you spend time around any little kids, they are fantastic storytellers. They just make shit up. They just do. Like, they do. We're watching a safari documentary on my… my son's telling a story about how one of his friends went to Africa this summer and got to pet a lion, which doesn't sound like a safe thing for an 8-year-old to do, but, like, maybe. So I ask him, I'm like, oh, that's… that's great. Which friend was that? Like, give me a name, right? Because I am… this feels very made up. And he immediately goes, I don't… I don't know his name. I don't remember. I'm like, oh, okay, yeah, that's not real. But, you know, like, that's… that's what little kids do, and I share that because I think it illustrates the value in having a name. We hear a lot, like, I usually get the question, I'm surprised I haven't heard it yet, of like, but I'm talking about another customer to another customer. Make it up. you know. change names to protect the guilty. Like, if their name is Susie, call them Patty. If their name… you know, you just put… it can just be a first name, you don't have to give their full LinkedIn URL, like, just… it doesn't have to be a first and last name, and full title, and even the company name can be. you know, I was working with Nate at ABC Company, and what ended up happening is, but naming that person does make it feel real, and so the more detail you can provide, even if you want to exclude the name of the company and say, a large, a large PMC just like you, they're over 50,000 units. that… that name piece adds a lot of credibility versus someone I know. And for those of you that are new and don't have customer stories yet. Talk to your friends, work with your CSM to build a few. I mean, two or three in a spreadsheet, we should actually build a spreadsheet collectively of just, like, two or three sentence stories would be really helpful. But you can start to put a repository together, because it will be little pocket stories that you all can reference for different pain points. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Agreed. I will tell one of my favorite ones, and this was not a story, but talking about somebody who's not afraid to sit in the pain. And this story is about the goat, Carla. We were on a call together, and it was a policy person, and the lady had said, I have been writing policies for 8 years. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Carla was like a dog on a bone. Jay Thompson (He, Him): She did not let this woman forget that it had been 8 years, to the point that literally at the end of the story, the woman was like, I get it, we don't have to mention it, I desperately. 
Carla Samford: Right? Jay Thompson (He, Him): But, I mean, Carla was not afraid to sit in it, because Carla was like, I mean, 8 years is a long time. Got a lot of risk around that, like, so, I completely agree. All good thoughts. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, as we kind of move on, and we are getting close to where you all are going to get involved here, but let's just talk about the different parts, right? So, first one is situation. Ashley just pointed it out. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Make it personal. It's not about the company name, right? It's not about a title, or the portfolio that necessarily is what size that somebody's gonna really bring them in. It's about Jay Thompson (He, Him): recognizing a person. It's someone who's, oh, that is someone like me. So yeah, if you need to anonymize it, please anonymize it, right? So, instead of, and Ashley just walked us through this, that reminds me of one of my customers who had a similar problem. That reminds me of Denise, who, like you, oversaw property operations Jay Thompson (He, Him): For a 40 property portfolio. Again, at the end of the day, they recognize that somebody like me. They don't need to know that it was a Gray Star of the world, or a Fogelman, or something like that, so… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Two, and also, I hope Brandon, I know you're on here, if you do need a refresh after this, Brandon did a great, training on this hero's journey as well, and storytelling, so hopefully, Brandon, we're aligning really well there. But… Jay Thompson (He, Him): So the next part, the pain, right? Again, do not rush this part, but here's the biggest thing about the pain. Jay Thompson (He, Him): it's gotta have a measurable, felt consequence, right? So here's an example of one that's too little pain. They struggled with knowing which properties needed attention first. Okay, yep, got it. Same. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Versus, she had no visibility into which properties had open risk, problems surfaced only after a resident complaint or a bad review, and it cost her teams re… weeks of reactive cleanup each quarter. Jay Thompson (He, Him): That's got some hard cost to it, right? Granted, we're not naming the reactive, hopefully we would, ideally. Jay Thompson (He, Him): But it's gotta be a felt consequence, right? So it needs some kind of consequence attached to it. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, once you've made them feel that pain, though, the payoff, though, has to land just as hard, and that is the ending, right? So, this is where, again, going back to where Ashley talked about, and Carla's kind of, insight earlier, that Jay Thompson (He, Him): Grace Hill is just the guide. We should not be the hero of this story. They didn't implement Grace Hill PHQ, Grace Hill Intelligence Plus, right? Because then it immediately sounds like a pitch again. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And we're resetting everything back to zero. So, for example, instead of, after using Grayscale, we'd say, once her team had one connected view, Denise caught maintenance issues before they became resident complaints, and cut her team's reactive workload by a third. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Gotta end that impact higher, and again, lead with the solution. We're gonna get to products once we start talking further, right? Jay Thompson (He, Him): The other big thing is, please do not forget to ask a question. Jay Thompson (He, Him): what would that help your team with? What does that look like? Where would that speed up? Ideally. Jay Thompson (He, Him): open-ended questions, right? Because you know as well as I do, if you say, hey, Amanda, would that visibility help you? She's going to go, yes. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And that's it. Doesn't help you to drive the impact home to her, right? But please end with a question, otherwise you just had a 30-second monologue. We didn't necessarily use it as a discovery tool in regards to that. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Any thoughts on that before we kind of continue to move on? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Which areas do you think you all struggle with today? Parts 1 through 3. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Fair. Fair. 
Melanie Heffinger: I… yeah, I was gonna say, just… Do you avoid pitching, or whatever? You called it some bag diver or something, just… And we talked about this yesterday, too, on our team call a little bit, you know, sometimes you get, like, that perfect prospect that gives you all this information, and they talk, and there's so much stuff, and it's awesome, and then you have the people who aren't on camera, who don't answer. It's, you know, you're trying to pull things out of them, they're just not giving you anything, and so when you get anything from them, you, like, grab at it and hold onto it. So I think it's just… Taking a step back and being able to recognize that you need more time before you try to just… Pitch, because you're gonna probably just end up chasing them. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Agreed. ow. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Good point. For me, self-awareness, right? Jay Thompson (He, Him): I think I can talk about the pain and the impact. I usually don't make it personal on a call. I just talk about, oh. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Yeah, we work with clients that had… I had a client that had… it was super vague, so as I was putting this together, I was like, hey, Jay, gotta do a little bit better on making it personal, so that they can identify with the story. 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah. 
Melanie Heffinger: I think you do a good job of that, though, because you pull in a lot of your own personal stories, which I think is good, like, you understand that, and I think… That's the big thing that even just resonated with Like, the Shark Tank video. Like, you put yourself in that person's shoes and think. okay, well, again, if that was me, I want, you know, the outcome that that person had, so I think, you know, you do a good job of that. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Well, I appreciate that. Although, I will tell you one thing I'm trying to do better is I do tell a lot of my own stories, where I should ideally go, we actually had a client who, and I can weave my story down. Jay Thompson (He, Him): But weaving it into a client, so it's not a J story, it's taking it back to the customer need type of deal. 
Courtney Wenzinger: So… Jay Thompson (He, Him): So if we're on calls together and I fail to do that. Jay Thompson (He, Him): politely call me out, hopefully not on the call afterwards, so I can continue to refine that muscle in there. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, again, we've already covered these, but why the third-party reference doesn't… is an advantage for you? For you, personally, as AEs, which one of these do you think would be most impactful? Jay Thompson (He, Him): for you. 
Ashlee Horn: It's going really well, Jay. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I know, I love it. I'm a schoolteacher, eventually I will start calling on people, I have no problem, but… Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: I like the second one that provides value, just because I feel like, especially… and it may be in any industry, I don't know, but I feel like they really like to know how others are doing it, and how they're finding success, and what's working, and when you can provide them with stories about Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: how other people are doing it, they… that really resonates with them. That's just my… my personal experience, but… 
Carla Samford: Agreed. 
Melanie Heffinger: Yeah, I think Realink does a really good job of that, and kind of bringing, like, a little bit of FOMO, like, well, this is what other people are doing, and they're having a lot of success, so what are you doing? It makes them think a little bit more. They don't want to feel like they're behind. 
Carla Samford: FOMO. 
Melanie Heffinger: Right, exactly. So I think that… They do a good job. Lots of stories with that product, for sure. 
Ashlee Horn: I'll tell you, it's my experience being new, so for all of you that are new, all… this is true at every company I've ever been at. New AEs tend to fall into pitch slapping, because there's an immediate, like, I just came out of training, I learned a whole bunch of stuff about a whole bunch of cool products, I'm gonna show you what I know, because I know my stuff, and, like, I've only been here two months, but, like, trust me, I'm incredible. It happens at every company. It's a trap I'll challenge you to not fall into. into… Swap out the information you're prioritizing in your conversations with these stories. Because, the customer stories will resonate for all the reasons we've already talked about, versus starting to get feature function heavy. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Well, It's great that you know it. If you don't know it, Jay will help… or Dot will help you, but the, stories… if you learn those first, those are typically the reps I hear be more successful quickly from a new hire. As new hires. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Perfect. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, as we wrap up this portion and want to get into our point where you all can stop listening to me drone on, and you can do this yourself, just want to talk about where this typically lands, right? Jay Thompson (He, Him): This is that moment where you've asked your discovery question, which hopefully we're doing discovery on every call, whether we're realigning or initially. They set a pane, and you relate that then so that they can help understand the impact. So… Jay Thompson (He, Him): This is definitely that pain-to-impact move we've talked about. We won't deep dive it anymore, so… Jay Thompson (He, Him): And then, just to give you one more example before we move on, if we're talking about our connected platform, let's go through a sample of this. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, and Gina will know this one well, because this was one of her clients, right? But if we're talking about, like, for example, that signals to decision to action to performance, and maybe we're talking about, hey, where do you have the pain? And they go, I just… Jay Thompson (He, Him): don't know what my next move is, right? Like, I don't know where to go next. Jay Thompson (He, Him): We may say something like, yeah, so this reminds me of Walton, who is the Director of Property Management for a regional company. About 2,500 A-class units, right? So, their solutions, their data, all lived in different systems, so we made it work. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Right? We've named a person with a name. If you notice, this is where Ashley was like, you don't have to name the actual company, just give me some background on it. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, by the time we met, one of Walton's properties had an amenity space that wasn't pulling its weight. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And without a clear signal on what residents actually wanted, his team couldn't make the case for upgrades that were going to win new leases and stop residents from leaving when their leases came up. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So the space actually stayed under-invested, where comparable properties kept moving the needle, right? Real pain. I'm not getting people, people are moving out, other properties are besting me in regards to that. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And then finally, we're gonna make Walton the hero. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Once Walton's team moved onto a connected platform, they were able to uncover the signal that had been buried, what residents actually wanted in that space. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Walton went from guessing to acting with real confidence and secured a six-figure amenity enhancement from owners and investors at that same historic property. Jay Thompson (He, Him): We led with a real pain that had some dollar and cents. Walton became the hero in the fact that he was able to drive that aspect. Jay Thompson (He, Him): questions, thoughts about this one at all? Is this one that you could use in your stories? Hopefully, what we're going to take away is some of this. You all know where I got this right here? You know where I got Patty's stories from Fogelman? Gracehill.com. We have a resources section with success stories. Jay Thompson (He, Him): You literally can go into Claude and type, and I can give you the prompt about the hero's journey. You could dump in one of those success stories, and it will literally lay it out for you, based on… make it personal, here's the pain, here's the impact. So, don't forget to use those. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And of course, would that kind of insight help your team? Jay Thompson (He, Him): All right, enough of me talking as we begin to wrap up. So, this next part, we'll just work on a group. Feel free to go on mute. Your time wisely. We're not in a classroom, I can't walk around and check on you, but we're going to take. 
Courtney Wenzinger: profile. Jay Thompson (He, Him): 10 minutes. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I'd like for you to write your story. So… Find somebody in your pipeline. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Okay, pick an account, write the situation that you've heard, just one to two sentences each one. So, like, two sentences for the situation, two for the pain, two for the impact, alright? So, doesn't need to be super polished, we just want you to have something on a piece of paper, alright? So… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Start writing on a story that you have heard. If you need to, pull up Gong. Jay Thompson (He, Him): In your other window? Jay Thompson (He, Him): type in… use that little AI assistant, and start typing in Jay Thompson (He, Him): Maybe a pain that you've heard, and let's see if we can develop, work backwards, develop the situation. Jay Thompson (He, Him): from it. Maybe this is also from CSMs, that type of deal. So, maybe look at a deal that you've also closed. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Recently, right? Because that's one that you've got a clear situation pain. Obviously, there was an impact, because they were able to make a solution. So, we're going to be mute. I don't have any background music for you type of deal, but take about 10 minutes. Jay Thompson (He, Him): to craft that, and myself, and more importantly, Amanda, Nate, and Ashley are here. If you get stuck, you can just come off mute and ask this question. So, we're also going to break you out into breakout rooms, it will be telling if you don't do this activity, so… 
Ashlee Horn: Most sides… You all hear that? No? Trying to get some… Coffee house music going here. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Good call, I should have banged that in. If you want some, I put a YouTube link in the chat for some acoustic coffeehouse thinking music. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, you're about halfway through, Jay Thompson (He, Him): Checking in really quick. Anybody stuck? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Okay, as you're thinking about it, too, use it… use that slide, right? Do I have a reel? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Contact, or at least, could it feel real? Jay Thompson (He, Him): pain, and remember, pain ideally has a specific cost to it. So, like, what if they didn't fix this? Like, what was that? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Most people want to skip to the impact, so again, maybe… Jay Thompson (He, Him): think about that pain first, there. So, we'll just go a couple more minutes. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, does anybody need any more time? Jay Thompson (He, Him): Speak now. Forever, hold your peace. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, well, moving on. We are going to jump into breakout rooms. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I've went ahead and assigned those, so you have two rounds. It probably will not be 15 minutes. I think we can probably get through this in about 10 minutes, but somebody's gonna be Partner A, somebody is gonna be Partner B, so if you're Partner A, Jay Thompson (He, Him): First 5 minutes, you're gonna tell your story, right? And then, you need to give feedback, right? So the other partner tells, do they know who the hero was? Did they feel the pain? Do they understand, Jay Thompson (He, Him): the customer's, you know, hero, or how that happened, and we'll maybe take a screenshot of this, if you're not going to remember the feedback prompt, but did I know who the hero was? Did I care about them, and did I understand the pain before I heard the fix? And then you'll flip, and do the same thing again, so… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, with that said, we're gonna open the rooms, you've already been assigned, and then we'll call you back here in about 10 minutes, so… Jay Thompson (He, Him): We'll come back. Jay Thompson (He, Him): It was kind of lonely in here, with nobody else. 
DaVonte Scafe: Hey, hey, hey! Jay Thompson (He, Him): I know, I'm glad everybody's getting back. Did you miss us? Jay Thompson (He, Him): I did, it was lonely. Jay Thompson (He, Him): It's gonna close everybody out, so we'll just wait for everybody else to join. They should… Jay Thompson (He, Him): I think everybody is probably being kicked out. Alright, so… Jay Thompson (He, Him): debrief it a little bit. Anybody wanna… Jay Thompson (He, Him): share how the experience went, and specifically, did your story change between the first and second? Like, was there actual feedback to change your story? 
Melanie Heffinger: Yes. 
Amanda Oliverio: I was gonna call on you, Melanie. I'm glad you spoke up. 
Melanie Heffinger: Well, I was with Megan, knew Megan, so she did a great job of, I think maybe pulling from other stories that she's heard in the industry, and my only feedback was for just to not make that funny face at the end, like she just made it up, and no one would have known. So, I think she did a great job. But no, I think, yes, it's making sure… you're including, like, maybe a statistic, or what happens if they don't do something, like, really tying it all together, And so, yes, we had… Some feedback and made some changes. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So it sounds like making the impact. Jay Thompson (He, Him): for that. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Perfect Huis. 
Ashlee Horn: And Megan, you're not the old Megan. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Never. Which makes me think of, if you've not seen the show, The New Adventures of the Old Christine. 
Carla Samford: Oh, interesting. 
Ashlee Horn: Funny old sitcom with, Julia Luis Dreyfus, so… made me think of that. 
Megan Fehling: No, it reminded me of… does anybody watch Ted Lasso? 
Ashlee Horn: Yes. 
Megan Fehling: Remember when they were like, well, now he's dating Bex, which is short for… she's like, Rebecca, and she's like, and they're calling her, and she's like, new Rebekah, and they're like, no, they're just calling her Rebekah, and they're calling you. 
Ashlee Horn: And she's like. 
Megan Fehling: Old! Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, I'm waiting for some more feedback. Somebody else, how'd it go? Anybody's like, hey, my story was down perfect, we both thought A+. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Because I want to hear the kudos, too. 
Courtney Wenzinger: I got snaps from Ashley, I'm just gonna say it. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Okay, we like snacks. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I do like… I have to change the name of the client, though, because it was a very particular name. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Okay. 
Ashlee Horn: My point was for anonymity, like, if someone's name is a name that is probably. 
Carla Samford: release. 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah, her name was Shalice, right? That's a very distinct name, and especially in an industry that is pretty close-knit, someone's gonna be like, oh, I know that. So, Courtney very quickly was like, I'll just change it to Chelsea or something. Jay Thompson (He, Him): There you go. common. Courtney did do a nice job. Jay Thompson (He, Him): True. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Courtney, we may have to have you share yours out here in a minute, then. 
Courtney Wenzinger: I haven't talked yet today, so I'm good for it. Jay Thompson (He, Him): There you go. Anybody say, hey, I struggled? Jay Thompson (He, Him): It's okay if you did. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: Oh, me. I was overthinking it. Me too. 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah. the hall. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: Right. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And what's interesting is you two come with so many stories from your past lives that… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Where do you think your struggle was? Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: I think I really just honed in on this one that I wanted to have a story about, and I probably should have thought about more. 
Carla Samford: Four steps. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: Yeah, I probably should broaden my selection a little bit, but yeah. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Right. 
Dot Edwards: And I did the same thing. Gina and I, we were together, and we both did the same thing. We thought about recent… our recent, like, maybe biggest deals. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Number 10. tie a story to it, so when I was in the exercise and trying to pull things together, and when we were in the chat, I was like, oh, wow, I'd really like to develop that more. Because I have a set of stories that I already kind of use, I was trying to challenge myself and do something new, and to Gina's point, you know, started kind of overthinking the details. I was like, but is that factual, and what are some of the details that I want to share. So, yeah. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Remember the purpose is they, though, just have to see themselves in it, right? They don't have to necessarily know that it's… Jay Thompson (He, Him): They don't have to question whether or not it was truthful, although I'm not advocating that you completely make it up. But, they just need to see themselves in the story. I do also wonder, this exercise that we're doing this week. Jay Thompson (He, Him): where Ashley was focused on that discovery of the SPI yesterday, is that muscle gets better and better for us? Jay Thompson (He, Him): how much easier these stories become, because then you've got really good situations, pain, and impacts that have driven from deals, so… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Brand new drop, it can be hard sometimes to keep the people focused. We focus… if we focus on a big company. Good point. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Any other feedback? 
Ashlee Horn: to your point there, Brandon, the people element helps when they're telling this story back, so a large… we talked about yesterday, like, having to go, and they're gonna… we're asking our champions, oftentimes, to go ask for money, and thinking about how it's gonna tie to business initiatives that are critical by… and actually get budget and support. Stories help with that. Because they… the same way that they're… you're convincing them, they're gonna have to go convince someone else. And to Jake's point, they're not gonna remember all the feature function, but they will say. There's 2 or 3 other… major PMCs that are doing this already. I think RealLink is great at, like, doing this already, and this is now becoming best in class. We need to get caught up. And that's gonna stem from the stories that you're telling. Can we hear Jordan's? Jay Thompson (He, Him): No. You just popped up on my screen, I haven't seen you all day, Jordyn. Hello. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, Jordan. 
Jordyn Kirkpatrick: Yeah, mine needs some refinement, so Krista and I talked about that, but we had… I had a recent… customer, Nathan had a regional operator in the Pacific Northwest that was having trouble. Just identifying ways that they can really continue to level up their teams, and they noticed that occupancy was starting to slip, and they needed some insights quickly. Before it spiraled out of control, so… That's kind of the part that I got to. The part that I need to refine is… Kind of like, what was the impact from that? And get some numbers behind it, because they shared, like, having training tied to the mystery shops was giving them fast results, where they could hone in and focus and train their teams. But I just need to get… get some numbers behind it, so that was my story. 
Carla Samford: There might be a case study out there, Jordan. That you could leverage. 
Jordyn Kirkpatrick: Yeah. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Went, bracele.com, resources. Jay Thompson (He, Him): But Jordan, the things you did really well, right? Like, you did make it personal. Jay Thompson (He, Him): It had a name, we knew who the operator was. Your territory's in the Pacific Northwest, so it's gonna resonate. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And you had, a consequence to your pain, right? Occupancy was slipping. Jay Thompson (He, Him): People certainly know, and understand that, for sure, so… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Nick Woulfe, I wrote way more about the story and thought I would say a lot more about the story if Nick, Rebekah much too shorter and concise. But I will say, Nick, ideally, you want to be able to tell the story in, like, 2 minutes, right? It's not a monologue. Jay Thompson (He, Him): for that. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Courtney, just because you had two snaps, we want to hear your story, too, so… end us with this, so… 
Courtney Wenzinger: Okay, so I worked with Chelsea at Graystar. She had a client that had a portfolio in downtown Salt Lake. I'm not sure if anyone knows anything about Graystar Marketing Managers, but they typically have portfolios of 30 communities or greater. She just happened to have a client that had 10 properties in downtown Salt Lake. So, what we know about that market is it's super competitive, oversaturated, and every community down there blurs together online. There's similar photos, similar floor plans, and similar 360 tours. They had Matterports already done, so on paper, that virtual tour box was already checked. But here's what Chelsea told me. They could see the tours they were getting views on, they just had no idea who was viewing them. Someone spends 8 minutes on a 2-bedroom at 11pm, and it shows up as a number on a report. No name, no contact, no follow-up. They knew that there was interest there, but they couldn't reach it. So, a real link, across that 10 property portfolio, because they needed better tours, not because they needed better tours, but because they needed to know who was engaging, and give their teams a reason to reach out first. So, we shifted from waiting for prospects to call to knowing which prospects to call. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I hope, I mean… Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: I definitely felt the pain. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: I'm like, great job, Courtney. I just love RealLink for that. That's what me and Dot and Nate were talking about, though, is that it's just so good for just, like, tangible stuff that you can share with them to make an impact. It really is. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Working on that across everything. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: Yeah. I was saying, too, that survey and intelligence plus… I mean, that… that it does… that's easy, too, but sometimes creating those, like, really tangible results and stories for policy and training and things, that's a little bit harder sometimes. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Agreed. We are working. I would say, 
Ashlee Horn: We're working on it. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Studies that have some… some numbers in them. Jay Thompson (He, Him): as well. Does anyone have constructive feedback for Courtney? Anything she might improve on next time? Not you, Jay. Jay Thompson (He, Him): I know. Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: I think the only thing that I would say is, like, the emotional impact part of it, like, how that affects that marketing manager, maybe, because it's… Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: I mean, Realink is so good that way that I think that it would be very easy just to focus on that part of it, and not really, like, how does that affect her in her role, or how does that make an impact on her? Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: As a marketing manager, that type of thing, but… Other than that. I think of, that's a good piece of feedback, Gina, that… think… And… I know Courtney is incredibly receptive to feedback, so thank you, Courtney, for allowing us to do that in the public setting. The… think of the hero part of that story, like, how… phenomenal it must have felt for Chelsea to be able to bring that to her team. And help save them all that time, like, really put her at the center of being that hero, because that drives some of that emotional enthusiasm. 
Courtney Wenzinger: promotion worthy. Eventually, maybe she'll get a promotion. 
Ashlee Horn: Yeah, this is the type of stuff that helps. Definitely helps get people excited about things that you're doing. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Good feedback. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, unfortunately, I don't know where the whiteboard control has went on Zoom. It was there just a minute ago, but it has gone now, so we were just gonna do a whiteboard where I wanted you to post the persona that you were going after, and then a one-line hook or version, because we want to use some of these stories. Jay Thompson (He, Him): What we'll do is we'll just have a follow-up piece of homework here, and I would ask just you all to drop Jay Thompson (He, Him): your story's in there. Even if they need some massaging, it's fine, that's something we can all help with, but let's start developing that library. As we kind of wrap up today, we'll talk a little bit about what Jay Thompson (He, Him): Happens, so use Gong as your interim reference library. Again, don't make impact up. Jay Thompson (He, Him): At least I don't believe so. Ashley, please correct me if you disagree with that. But go, you can search AI through God. tomorrow. Jay Thompson (He, Him): You're okay. Borrow from your friends' stories. This is where CSM relationships can be really valuable, because they've seen that impact realization, which is hard if you've never been on that side of the house to see impact realization. Borrow it, don't… Completely make it up. 
Carla Samford: So, Jay, to your point about using Gong, so you just use the assistant, and you can… the prompt would be, share a good… Jay Thompson (He, Him): Ware a customer story, or, you know, in one of my deals that identified situation pain and impact of the solution, like, I would start there. Gong's really good about surfacing, then, the sources. Jay Thompson (He, Him): from it, too, so you may have to massage that prompt, but I literally, like, when Jordyn's like, anybody got a good demo on Pathways? I go. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Tell me some quality demos that I led, where Pathways was. I mean, it's pretty plain language that you can use in Gong for that. Jay Thompson (He, Him): We are also going… Did you have an Ashley. 
Ashlee Horn: I was gonna ask Jay if you can pull up Gong real quick and show them how to do that. Because I… I hear that our gong trainer has left us wanting more, from… from, a few things. So, in the absence, maybe… I don't know, I'm a visual person. You can show me where it clicks. So, you all should have a gong access that looks like this. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Ashley, if you want to drive, but this is where I go, so… Well, you're doing a great job. Over to the assistant on the left-hand side. It's in beta now, but it's Gong's UI. Jay Thompson (He, Him): And then… I just asked a question, right? So… Let me… client… 4 leaves. And you can even use a specific pain point or a specific product, like training. or focused on RealLink, or… Focused on operational issues. 
Carla Samford: Mine struck out. I work on the LC. Jay Thompson (He, Him): and cartilage. 
Ashlee Horn: It is still in beta, but, the… There is also a, Jay Thompson (He, Him): I don't remember it. I'm waiting to see if it answers. Before I say anything. Jay Thompson (He, Him): She's a little like Gracie. She takes a few minutes. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Or he, I don't know. They. 
Carla Samford: While we're waiting for Gracie, speaking of Gracie, kind of, Tami Criswell showed some really cool things, and how… some prompts that she used with training on her, call the other day to illustrate the kind of data that Gracie can pull. Do we have enough data, do you think, in our demo sites to be able to pull that kind of analysis that Gracie did on her call, or should we be using the the universal site. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, I have enough data. Carla, I went and tested one. You can go into Gracie now and say, what can I ask you? She will help you with some of those questions, and then I would just pressure test a couple of them. We can always build out some data if we need to in that, but I would find a couple questions that you love, that you think resonate, and let's stick with those. Jay Thompson (He, Him): But I will say it did work for me, right? Okay. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So here's one about a property management company was struggling with a lean staff. This specifically relates to… Jay Thompson (He, Him): I guess tuning companies? Jay Thompson (He, Him): And the training process was manual and consistent. Checked the box. Jay Thompson (He, Him): But they did an automated training, this led to a 55MP increase, so… there's some in here, I would say use that story, and then Ashley, were you gonna show over in conversations? Was that… 
Ashlee Horn: No, you can do the conversations. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Okay. I was gonna show something, but I need to double check if it's just a permissions thing for me or not. Jay Thompson (He, Him): In the company library, this is on my to-do list, I will tell you when it is completely done, but I'm surfacing customer stories that we can drop into the customer library as well, or the company library, excuse me, so you'll be able Jay Thompson (He, Him): to go in there as well. We are slowly but surely building those out. If you're looking for some great Realync Jay Thompson (He, Him): Demos Dot is in there as well, so you can go ahead. So that will build out. I will ping you in the interim. I would use the AI assistant, your CSM, but obviously we'll build these out as well. Do know Product Marketing is working on revised battle cards and customer stories as well. Jay Thompson (He, Him): So, keep an eye out for that. And then the only thing that I ask is your commit is to take one story. Jay Thompson (He, Him): match it to 1% in your territory, and get ready to use it in the next call that it has relevance to. Obviously, we know from neural coupling. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Story's gotta resonate, or else it's gonna fall flat, so please don't use a generic story. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Just for anything, but go ahead, let's get one developed. I'll give you a homework piece and ask you to drop in those. I apologize, the whiteboard was not working here at the end. And we'll start to build out that library that Ashley talked about with the Excel document, etc. Yeah. If you get off a call fired up because you told a story, drop it into the sales team channel. Like, we want to celebrate with you, and… We'll, we'll start to build those, too. So, if you're like, hey, y'all, I tried it. We tried it. With the… I would love to hear and see those. Or if you're bashful, just send it to me or your director, that's fine. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Or Slack it to me, because I'd love to go put it in a gong library, so… Or do all of the above, and just let us know how awesome you are. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Exactly. Right. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Any questions, Ashley? Anything to tee us up for tomorrow? I think it's Nate tomorrow, is that correct? Are you tomorrow, Nate, or did I just volunteer? You are tomorrow. 
Nate Sell: I am tomorrow, coming in hot with some mutual action plans. Jay Thompson (He, Him): excited about. 
Ashlee Horn: Thank you, Jay! Appreciate it. Thank you all. Jay Thompson (He, Him): Alright, have a good day. Cool tomorrow! Gina McIntosh | Grace Hill: sometimes. channel!